Tonight on...

Emily: This whole experience has been such a whirlwind...

Whoo!

Whoo!

And to get to finish it out in Curaçao is so perfect.

(Dolphin chirps)

Arie: Emily is the love of my life.

I can't stop thinking about you, and I can't picture my life without you.

I have fallen in love with you.

Sean: I could easily spend the rest of my life with Emily.

I've never met two people who are more perfect for each other.

I think so, too.

Jef: I'm more in love with this woman than ever.

I love you.

You really have been like that light at the end of the tunnel for me.

Arie: All I can think about is that moment when I can propose to her.

Emily: I'm falling in love with more than one person, and that is really scary.

They could really get their heart broken.

(Voice breaking) And it tears my heart up inside to think that I could do that to them.

(Sniffles)

I just feel really guilty.

(Sniffling continues)

I'm scared of everything.

(Crying) I don't want to hurt anybody, and I don't want to...

Make the wrong choice.

It's all tonight on...

♪

(Engines roaring)

(Tires screech)

This whole experience has been such a whirlwind.

I've had the absolute time of my life.

We have been traveling all around the world.

We started out in Charlotte, and now here I am finishing up this entire journey in Curaçao.

I am so excited to be staying at the Kura Hulanda lodge. of every minute I have with each guy.

And to get to finish it up somewhere so beautiful is so perfect.

I still cannot wrap my head around the fact that three of the greatest guys I've ever met and on their way to Curaçao to go out with me.

(Bird chirping)

(Birds squawking)

Last week, I got to meet all of the guys' families, and I truly did love each family I met with.

This week, I think it's gonna be really hard for me, because feelings are so intense, and relationships have grown so much.

I'm at a point now where I feel really, really strongly about each of the three guys that are here.

You look amazing.

Thank you.

Emily, I'm Sean.

Emily. Nice to meet you.

Come here, give me a hug.

Sean and I had an almost immediate connection, and I think it was like love at first sight.

Sean, would you accept the rose?

Absolutely.

Sean is so many things that I want in a husband.

I don't want to get ahead of myself, but...

If we were to ever get married, you know, Ricki would be my child.

Mm-hmm.

No doubt about it.

You know, she might call me Sean.

She can call me whatever she wants, but she would be my daughter.

I knew I liked Sean a lot, but it was that day that really made me realize, like, I just think he'd be the best Dad ever.

There are so many things that I just adore about Sean.

Hello, London!

Yay!

No one's listening!

(Laughs)

He's funny. He is this, like, big football-playin', muscular guy, yet he also has this, like, super sensitive, vulnerable side, and those two things usually don't go together.

But when you find both of those things in the same person, like, for me, that's like hitting jackpot.

I'm crazy about you, and this is gonna be serious, and...

You know, just--it's natural for you to meet my family.

What if they don't like me?

Impossible.

Sean only wants to get married once.

I know without a shadow of a doubt that if we were to get married or anything, Sean would always be there for me no matter what, and I love that about him.

It has been a long, long time since I've had feelings like this.

Good.

Sean just really gives me butterflies in my heart.

It's like deeper than just having butterflies about a guy.

He really does make me excited for my future and just what it would be like with him.

♪

But then there's Jef.

(Laughing)

I love his style.

He is so his own person, and he doesn't care what anybody thinks.

He marches to his own drum, completely.

I really like hanging out with you.

Me, too. Me, too.

It's fun.

I hate how long we go in between.

I know.

It sucks, but...

I know.

This morning, I, like, hurt my fingers for you.

I know.

I put band-A*DS on it.

Oh, bless your heart.

Yeah.

I will be the first one to admit I like guys with a little bit of an edge.

And Jef has that, but yet he still is one of the kindest, most thoughtful, sweetest guys I've ever met.

Can I tell you a secret? Mm-hmm.

I'm crazy about you.

Mmm.

Jef has, like, his own quirky sense of humor that I absolutely love.

That's what I look like whenever I put my rollers in.

That's what I looked like when I had an afro.

(Laughs) (Laughs)

I feel like Jef and I have the same sense of humor deep down.

(Both laughing) Like, he just lets everybody see his weird side, and he just owns it, and he makes me laugh more than anybody has.

Uh, this is me over here...

Mm-hmm.

Standing, waiting to meet you.

(Laughs)

"Uh, what--what do I do with my hands?"

(Laughs)

Drive slow.

This slow. I'll go this slow the whole time.

(Engine revs) Ooh!

I feel like my life with Jef would be full of adventure and excitement.

(g*n)

You're good at this.

(g*n)

I feel like he's somebody that could make going to the grocery store an adventure.

He could make anything fun.

"I'm so excited to meet Ricki, and I'll be there for her. I want to show her how to fall in love and have a love story that lasts forever, because I'll love you forever. Most of all, I'm completely and hopelessly in love with you."

My connection with Jef is unlike any relationship I've had in a really, really long time.

I-I feel like he gets me in a way that nobody else does.

Mmm!

He is so romantic and so genuine.

I feel like he would make the best husband and the best stepdad ever.

But then there's Arie.

(Engine roaring)

Looking back to the very first night I met Arie, our connection was literally almost like immediate.

I love racing. I love being at the racetrack.

We just really h*t it off.

(High-pitched voice)

"There stays a husband to make you a wife."

(Raspy voice) Thank--

(Both laugh)

You are so odd!

There's like a youthfulness about him.

He's funny. He doesn't mind making fun of himself.

And he brings out that youthfulness in me.

And I love that about him.

I'm really happy.

I'm happy, too.

I'm so glad I met you.

Me, too.

I call Arie sweet Arie," because he just is.

He's just so thoughtful, and very sensitive, too.

Always building me up and so attentive-- just a million things I could say about him that I just think is so wonderful.

I think I realize that I love you.

And...

I just want you to know where my heart is.

That makes me really, really happy.

When I think about what my life would look like with Arie, I know...

Before anything else, that I would be with someone that would just adore me forever, and that would just always make me feel so good about myself and that would always be there for me.

I just know that he would be my best friend, that he would just love me forever.

I have been waiting to get to this point with these guys for so long, and I never imagined it would be this hard.

I never thought in a million years I would be feeling so strongly for three different guys.

I really just want to make the most of every minute I have with each guy.

I could potentially be engaged in just a couple weeks, and at this point, my biggest fear is sending the wrong guy home.

♪

I'm at a difficult point in my relationship with each of these guys.

I need to know what I'm doing, and what guy I-I'm supposed to be with, and which guy to send home, and which guy would be a perfect fit for my life and Ricki's life, and... I just don't know.

After everything I've been through, it has made me look at love a different way, and a little bit more realistically.

But at the end of the day, I'm still a girl that does want that fairy tale ending.

I just hope that I can clear my mind and get to a place where I feel confident in my decision.

♪

Coming up...

Sean: We're at the point now where I'm love with this girl.

It's hard to say those words, and it's always been hard.

So desperately, I just wanna open up and tell her how I really feel.

At the end of all this, say it's me and you, do you see yourself being at a point where you could get engaged?

Emily: I have such a huge decision to make, and I'm scared that I'm not gonna make the right one.

(Crying) I just feel really bad.

I don't wanna hurt anybody, and I don't wanna make the wrong choice.

♪

I am here in Curaçao, and I have my date with Sean today.

Hey!

Hey!

I love seeing Sean.

His whole smile and, like, his face just lights up and, like, he's just so perfect and so sweet.

Good to see you!

But he is the only one that hasn't told me how he feels about me.

He hasn't said, "I love you" yet, and those words carry such huge weight for me.

So it's hard for me just as a girl and trying to be protective of myself to really, like, let my heart or even head go there yet.

What are we doing?

So...

(Helicopter whirring) We're gonna get in a helicopter...

My gosh.

And go and see Curaçao.

Oh, my gosh!

This is gonna be awesome! Mm-hmm.

Today's a huge day for me.

I've gotta put my heart on the line.

I gotta put myself out there.

We're at the point now where I'm in love with this girl, don't want to lose her, and I think if I hold back, there's a chance that could happen, so it's imperative that I don't hold back.

♪

(Filtered voice) I'm excited.

Sean: We're in the helicopter, floating over the beautiful island of Curaçao.

Got the crystal-clear water, got the rolling hillsides and the, you know, just the beautiful landscape.

This place is paradise.

It's super romantic.

(Filtered voice)

That'd be cool.

Taking in the beautiful sights is one thing, but when you can do it with someone that you care deeply about, uh, that makes it so much better.

I don't know how I'm gonna tell Emily I love her.

I don't know when I'm gonna tell her.

But the feelings I have developed for Emily are so real and so strong, I'm hoping there comes a point where it just comes out naturally.

(Filtered voice)

Where we going?

(Filtered voice) Any idea?

I have no idea.

We're going to our very own private island.

No way!

Yeah!

This is so cool.

Isn't it pretty?

Looks amazing.

Emily: Today Sean and I are going to an island out in the middle of the ocean and just, like, hang out.

So pretty!

(Seagulls squawking)

There are so many things about Sean that I would, I mean, love to have in a husband.

But I need to know more.

I can't go through this and fall in love and then have it not work again.

I just wanted it to be you and me.

Me, too.

This is perfect.

I was disappointed, 'cause I didn't know, um, that I wasn't gonna get as much time with you when you were in Dallas.

I know.

I didn't know you were gonna leave so early.

I had so much fun with your fam-family, and they, like, could not have been nicer.

Did anybody say anything to you that really stood out?

My family?

Yeah, they told me that your past girlfriends have been like buddies.

Maybe--maybe I treated 'em like buddies.

How so?

Um... hmm...

I think they were probably referring to a past girlfriend, you know, I had one 3-year relationship, and...

I loved her. I really did.

And she was such a special person, but there came a point where I knew that she wasn't the one for me and I wasn't supposed to spend the rest of my life with her.

Like, I wasn't in love with her.

I loved her, but I wasn't in love with her, and it sounds kinda cliche.

No, I get it.

But I think because I wasn't in love with her, like, I didn't do probably the sweet things that a boyfriend should do.

Like, I can't stop holding your hand or kissing you and all that stuff, and I didn't necessarily have those feelings when I was around her, you know?

Yeah.

So you never talked about marriage or anything?

Uh... no, she brought up marriage all the time.

And I would always kinda deviate from the conversation, and that would ultimately cause arguments.

And she knew something was up, you know?

Your sister told me, um...

What? 'Cause I asked her--

I was like, "you know, Sean hasn't had that many relationships," or started talking about how you are very selective about girls you date.

Mm-hmm.

And she said, "well, it's because he knows how girls are, and he doesn't want to, like, get the girl attached and then..." You know...

Yeah. You had kinda said that earlier...

Uh-huh.

But, like, is that the way you always see yourself being in relationships?

Like, is that the way you are?

No, but I don't want--

I don't want that to be deceiving.

I think it was just the one girl that she was talking about. Mm-hmm.

The love that I'm experiencing with Emily is quite different than the love that I've had in the past.

I could see myself spending the rest of my life with Emily.

So desperately I just want to open up and tell her how I really feel, which is, "I love you."

It's hard to say those words, and it's always been hard, but, you know, there's something different about Emily.

My sister made the comment-- she was like, "so, you know, how do you guys get along?

Is it just easy and natural?"

And I was like, "yeah, it really is."

You don't hide your feelings from me.

I don't think I hide 'em from you, either.

Sometimes you do.

Sometimes you're hard to read.

Well, I might hold back a little bit.

Mm-hmm.

But, um...

Yeah. I've already told you I'm crazy about you.

Me, too. Me, too.

It's been like that ever since London.

Like, I've had no questions.

Um...

I forgot what I was gonna say.

(Waves splashing)

(Speaks indistinctly) Well, I'm excited to be here.

I'm excited I'm here.

Yeah?

Heck, yeah.

Good.

I don't know how Sean is in relationships, but I feel like he does have it in him to just grab a girl, tell her, "I love you more than I've ever loved anybody in my whole life."

I feel like Sean is an affectionate guy, but I still feel like there was-- there's something going on in his mind that he will not let himself go there yet.

So... I saw the snorkel stuff in the bag.

Mm-hmm.

Should we use it?

Gonna go?

You wanna get in?

Yeah. Mm-hmm.

All right, let's do it.

Let's do it.

We are on the most beautiful private island.

It's very romantic, and I want him to finally say, "I love you."

This is so nice.

This is great.

I really need every minute I can get with Sean just to see, like, maybe the more time I give him, the more comfortable he'll feel.

He is like that guy that it just takes a little bit more time with.

So tonight I have a really romantic dinner planned for the both of us, and I'm excited to see what happens.

♪
♪

This is awesome.

This is really pretty.

Emily: All along, I haven't had any huge questions about Sean.

I think he's a great guy.

But I have, you know, kind of wondered if he loves me, 'cause he hadn't said it, and just like that comfort that I want to feel with my husband.

And so tonight is super important.

I have a really romantic dinner on the beach planned for the both us, and I really hope that he's able to say to me how he feels about me.

The day keeps getting better.

I know, right?

I just love hanging out with you and spending time with you, and I just think you're like the perfect man.

I know I-I told you that before, right?

I think I'm far from perfect.

(Stammers)

Wh-what's not perfect?

You've told me, like, it scares you 'cause you can't always read me.

Mm-hmm.

I felt like things have been going so perfect, and I know how I've been feeling...

Mm-hmm.

So, to be honest, like, I will always--

I've been wondering, like, you know, just how you feel.

I don't want you to have any concerns at all that I'm gonna be distracted by something else or someone else, because no one that I've dated has measured up quite the way you have.

Thank you.

Or even come close to it.

I don't want you to worry about how my life's gonna fit into your life.

It's not just me.

It's Ricki and I.

That's what I want.

You know?

Like, I'm ready for that.

Because it makes me think, like, one, like, how loving of a Dad I have and what a great example he's been, and then, two, like, how I can't wait to share the same blessing that my Dad's been to me on someone else.

I would love to be that soccer Dad.

(Giggles)

And so... I wrote Ricki a letter.

And this is something-- this is assuming that it does work out, and we're together and married, and she's a part of my life.

Let me get comfy.

Would you like me to read it to you?

I would love that.

All right.

Dear Ricki, I'm writing you this letter before ever meeting you. I think it's important that I tell you a few things that I hope you'll never forget.

It's important for you to remember that I will never try to replace your father, but please don't ever forget that you will forever be my daughter. I hope to shower you with the same unconditional love my Dad has always shown me, and I promise to thank God every day for the chance to do so.

I hope to honor you by loving your mom with every ounce of my being. Your mom makes me so very happy.

"The thought of spending the rest of my life with you and your mom overwhelms my heart with joy.

Love always, Sean."

Thank you.

You're welcome.

I love it.

And this, you know, is gonna mean a lot to her, too, so thank you for that.

You represent everything that I feel like not just me, but, like, everybody looks for in a husband and a Dad.

My life is gonna change drastically, and that's exciting, you know?

After you got to meet my family, like, I-I knew going into that date that I was crazy about you, and I knew exactly how I felt about you.

But they just affirmed like everything that I already knew. Yeah?

But--and that felt really good.

I knew they were gonna love you and-- and you were gonna have a great time, but like I said, I didn't expect my mom to say she would be thrilled if we were to get engaged, and how much they all care for you and would invite you into our family.

Thank you.

Like, I think I knew how I felt going into that, but it's almost like hearing that affirmation from them is like, okay, now I can move on, like, to the next step.

At the end of all this, say it's me and you.

Do you see yourself being at a point where you could get engaged?

I view love no different than proposing, really, because love, in my eyes, means you can't stand to spend the rest of your life with anybody else.

Mm-hmm.

Um...

I cannot-- I can't stop thinking about you, and I can't picture my life without you.

Mm.

And we've said from the very beginning, like, crazier things have happened.

Never in a million years did I think I would have these feelings or...

You know, find the--find the woman that I wanted to be with forever.

Yeah.

And, like...

I have fallen in love with you.

And I know it without a shadow of a doubt.

That makes me so, so happy to hear.

Thank you for that.

♪

It's awesome to hear Sean tell me everything that he's feeling.

Honestly, like, all my questions were answered tonight.

I feel like he's totally ready to be a Dad, totally ready to be married and love his wife forever and put her first.

I really feel like the luckiest girl in the world right now.

Mm.

Thank you for, like, the perfect day.

This has been the perfect day.

Good. Okay, so...

Mm-hmm?

I brought you something, and I want you to read it...

Okay.

And then tell me what you think.

Okay.

Emily and Sean, "welcome to the beautiful island of Curaçao. I hope you're enjoying your stay.

"Should you choose to forgo your individual room, "please use this key to stay as a couple in the fantasy suite.

Chris."

I would love the chance to stay up and just spend time with you and talk to you, and no distractions, just be with you.

I would love nothing more than to spend every minute with you that I can get.

I'm excited.

Me, too.

Good. Thank you.

Sean: Today has been so magical.

You know, I haven't felt feelings like this in quite some time, and to be able to express 'em is the greatest thing in the world.

I mean, I love Emily.

I don't want to let her go, and I don't really see myself ever wanting to let her go.

♪

Thank you, sir.

Wow.

Wow.

This is gorgeous.

Yeah, it's beautiful.

I'm really excited about tonight, because it's just me and her.

There's no distractions.

And, you know, that's how it's gonna be for the rest of our lives.

I just want to open up to her, and I want her to open up to me.

And to have that intimate time with Emily, it's--it's gonna be great.

What was your favorite part of the day?

My favorite part of the day was...

Hmm. Obviously dinner.

Yeah.

You telling me everything-- it really meant a lot.

I mean, you've known I'm crazy about you, and--

I just wasn't sure.

Well, now you know.

Thank you for telling me that.

♪

Sean is, like, so hot and so manly.

Every time I'm around Sean, it's like I can't keep my hands off of him.

I'm so confused.

Every fiber in my whole entire body is saying, "just stay the night."

Every fiber in my head is saying, "no, don't do it."

In the back of my head, it's like, I need to figure out, do I take this time, just the two of us, or do I go with my gut and go with what my heart tells me to do and call it a night, and trust that at the end I'll know anyway?

♪

Emily: Oh.

(Giggles)

Thank you.

Thank you.

I really did have the best, best day.

Me, too.

Mmm.

I would love nothing more than to stay up with him all night and take every minute I can get with him.

But I'm a mom.

It just doesn't line up with, like, what I believe in and the example I want to set for my daughter.

And I don't need that extra couple of hours to be around him.

Like, I already know how I feel about him.

Good night.

Good night.

The last thing I want to do is leave Emily.

And I get the feeling that's the last thing she wants to do, too.

Obviously I want to spend the whole night with her, just talking with her and being with her.

You know, I think the important thing is, I walked away knowing that there's no doubt about it.

Like, I'm gonna end up marrying that girl.

♪

Coming up...

Jef: I'm 100% that I wanna be with her, but I'm not 100% that it's going to work out.

Well, I have some questions I wanna ask you.

I feel like you attract amazing guys.

Why do you think it hasn't worked out with any of them?

(Voice breaking) I can't even wrap my head around the fact that there are only two roses tonight. Um...

I do feel like you have to go through heartbreak in order to find the person you're supposed to be with, but I'd hate to be the one to do it.

♪

(Birds chirping)

(Waves splashing)

Jef: Last week, Emily met my family, and it couldn't have gone any better.

And I'm really looking forward to spending some time just with her, but I think there-- there are some obstacles left.

There are still two other guys here.

I mean, I'm 100% that I want to be with her, but I'm--I'm not 100% that it's going to work out.

It's not over yet, and it's not over until...

Hey.

I propose to her.

And I hope she says yes," and then we can leave together and be together, be a couple.

Hey. Hi.

(Singsongy) How are you?

I'm great. How are you?

Good. I missed you!

I missed you, too.

You look amazing.

Thank you. So do you.

I'm really excited to see you.

Are you nervous?

Yeah.

About what?

Just the day. I don't know.

Yeah?

I'm nervous what we're doing.

Well, um, today, I thought that since we're in Curaçao, what better way to see it than on the water?

So that's gonna be our ride for the day.

Jef: On that boat?

Yeah!

That thing's ours?

Mm-hmm!

That's amazing.

Yeah, just the two of us.

Yes, I can't wait.

That's exciting. Good.

I love where my relationship with Jef is right now.

At this point, my biggest fear is is family hasn't approved of a girl in the past, and I just hope that they like me.

♪

(Giggles)

Look where we are.

I know!

We're in the middle of the ocean.

I'm excited.

There's nobody else I'd rather have here with me today.

Really?

Mm-hmm.

It's been a while since I saw you last.

I know.

Your hometown.

Yeah. What'd you think?

I had the best time with them, and I had so much fun with you and everything.

They had a blast with you, too.

Yeah?

Yeah.

They approved?

I got to talk to 'em a little bit afterwards, and, yeah, they definitely approved.

Good.

Yeah.

I talked to my parents, too...

Really?

Afterwards. Yeah.

And they heard, like, how well it went.

And they were like, wow.

You know, they're really skeptical of, like, this whole thing and, like, me going through this.

And, uh, after they talked to my brothers and sisters, they really wanna meet you.

Really?

Yeah.

I was thinking, if--if--

if this works out, um, afterwards, we could go meet 'em.

I would love that.

How do you feel about meeting my parents?

I love parents.

I love hanging out with parents.

I'm a parent.

Do you love hanging out with me?

Uh-huh.

Cool.

You are a parent.

It's perfect.

Um... Do you think I'd be a good parent?

I do.

Why?

You...

Are fun.

And you...

Were so great with the kids at the park.

And... because I think you, like, want to be.

Ricki's the biggest part of Emily's life, and I hope to be the second biggest part of Emily's life.

And I wanna meet Ricki to know if that's gonna work because I know that Emily and I can work, and if Emily and I and Ricki can work, then we're gonna be happy and perfect forever.

I feel like we have, like...

A better balance than...

I mean, almost anybody.

Mm-hmm.

You know?

Like, I don't know anybody who balances each other out more than us.

I said that I could keep you out of trouble...

Mm-hmm.

And that you could maybe get me into trouble sometimes...

Yeah. Yeah, little bit.

Which could be fun.

Yeah.

And I feel like you really do get me.

Yeah.

I feel like I get you.

You do? Yeah.

I feel like you get me, too.

Yeah?

Yeah.

Good.

Jef: Everything about our relationship has progressed perfectly.

The way this whole thing has come together has just been, like, this...

Crazy painting that I didn't understand at first because I was just seeing the beginnings of it.

And as I've seen it develop and I've taken a step back, I see the masterpiece that's being painted.

You wanna steer us over to that cove?

'Cause that's where we're going.

Yeah. Okay.

Cool.

When I'm with Jef, I really do feel like there's no one else around.

I just love very minute I have with him.

One, two, three!

Jef told me that he loves me the night I met his family, and...

I think I got, like, chills.

I feel like he gets me in a way that nobody else does.

And I feel like even though I couldn't say anything back, that he could tell just from, like, my face how I felt.

I did it!

I can look back to the very first night and know that I saw something so special in Jef, and to be here now and feel so confident in the way he feels about me is so awesome to me.

Jef: Every time I look into Emily's eyes, I'm reminded that I love this girl.

I really do.

And I wanna spend every day with her like it's our last.

You know, I wanna appreciate every moment I have with her because I've realized through this whole thing what time with somebody you love really means.

I feel different with Emily than I've felt with any girl.

She is the most amazing, beautiful girl ever.

The sun is setting here in Curaçao, but for me and Emily, a whole life together is just starting.

♪
♪

Jef: Our date today was incredible.

It was so much fun.

I honestly couldn't plan a better date.

This is amazing.

It's where we're gonna have dinner.

This is so nice.

Yeah.

Jef: Every time we talk and every time we're with each other, it just...

There's something there that just feels so right...

You wanna sit here?

Thank you.

But there are still some questions that I have for her.

The only thing I don't know about Emily is what it's like to be around Ricki with her.

It's a huge part of our relationship that...

I mean, I've fallen in love with her when I haven't met...

Someone who's part of her life forever.

Here's to...

Being together on this beautiful island and spending more time together, and...

Amazing time together.

To an amazing date that we had today, and to, hopefully, a lot of future dates just like that.

Cheers.

Cheers.

(Clink) Thank you.

Well, I have some questions I wanna ask you.

Just, like, details of stuff.

I just-- they're just questions.

Um, if you see us being together after this, you know, where would you wanna...

Where would you wanna live?

Um...

I really love the idea of, like, starting a whole new life.

All three of us together somewhere else.

Would I expect you to move to Charlotte? Absolutely not.

But would I be totally happy moving to salt lake city?

I've never been there.

You've never been there?

Mnh-mnh. No.

Oh.

But, um, I would move wherever you were.

Okay. If that's where you wanted to be, I would move there and I'd be happy 'cause you were there.

Okay. Cool.

What about you?

Um, I-I-I like that idea, too.

It'd be like a fresh start.

Like, some--no distractions from anything else...

Yeah. Yeah.

And it's just us for a while.

And just like-- a little team.

Yeah, and it's like we, like, have to figure it out and we wanna figure it out, and so we go somewhere where we're like, we have to focus on each other.

Um, okay, next question.

You're an amazing girl.

Thank you.

And I feel like you attract amazing guys, too.

Why do you think it hasn't worked out with any of 'em?

Like, do you think that's something that...

Something that they're missing?

Or something that you're missing with them?

Um, I have gone out on dates with really great guys, and guys that, like, everything on paper is there.

Yeah.

But, like... (Clears throat)

If you don't have that, like, unspoken, like...

I don't know.

You know what I'm talking about?

Yeah.

Like, just like it. Something there.

Mm-hmm. Yeah.

Like a spark, like something that's...

Yeah.

Right.

It just--it's never gonna happen.

But I see so many things in you that are so perfect on paper.

But also, like...

Things that...

You can't put on paper.

And you make me laugh.

You make me smile.

You ignite, like, a self-confidence in me... Mm-hmm.

That I haven't had in a really long time, and, like, just...

I love being around you, and that's what makes the difference.

Thanks.

That's how I feel.

Can I ask you the same?

Why hasn't it worked out with other girls I've dated?

I have dated some amazing girls, but I haven't been able to, like, see the end goal with--with anybody that I've...

Mm-hmm.

Dated up until you.

And I honestly can see, like, the most amazing, picture-perfect end to this whole thing.

I've never met two people who are more perfect for each other.

I wouldn't change one thing that's happened.

I really wouldn't.

Not one thing. Not one date.

Not one experience.

Not one conversation.

Not one kiss. Not one look.

Not one anything.

I wouldn't change anything.

Good.

Because it's led to-- to this.

Me, too.

And I'm-- and I'm crazy about it.

Where we are and where we're going-- like, I'm crazy about it.

Me, too.

Me, too. Me, too.

Any more tough questions?

I have one question.

Mm-hmm?

One more.

It's about Ricki.

Mm-hmm.

You know Ricki better than anyone.

Mm-hmm.

And you know me pretty well.

Do you think I'm a good fit for her?

Like being, like, as far as, like, you know, being a Dad?

I think about that a lot.

Every moment I have since the beginning of all this, I think about how would she fit in here? Yeah.

Like, your hometown-- like, I thought, like, where would she fit in?

Right.

And where would she be?

Would she be on stuck on me?

Would she be playing? Like, I think about all those...

What would she be doing in my hometown?

Specific things. Yeah.

Wow. But, you know, I had a couple days between and Prague and hometowns where I got to be at home in Charlotte and just...

Mm-hmm.

Hang out with Ricki, and I woke up the next mornin' and was packing her lunch and...

Mm-hmm.

Making her breakfast, and I was trying to, like, picture what it would be like if there was someone else there.

Yeah.

And the person that pops in my head is you.

Really?

Mm-hmm. Yeah.

And it made me really happy.

I-I really did, like, in that moment feel like...

You'd be a perfect fit.

Emily says she can picture me there when she's making lunch for Ricki, and it's the best feeling knowing that she wants me there and she can picture that.

And that's--that's huge.

I have this.

I want you to read it. Okay.

And tell me what you think.

Okay.

Emily and Jef, I hope you are enjoying your stay. Should you choose to forgo your individual rooms, "please use this key to stay as a couple in the fantasy suite.

Chris."

What do I think?

Mm-hmm um... I think...

That's a tough question to ask.

I think it would be awesome to forgo our individual rooms and...

Spend some time in a fantasy suite together in Curaçao.

That would be great, but I can completely understand and respect that your daughter's gonna be watching this, and my family's gonna be watching this, and your family's gonna be watching this, and... they're involved in this process, too.

It's not just us, you know?

And, uh, there's a time and a place, I think, you know?

I plan on spending...

Every night with you in our own little fantasy suite.

Mm-hmm.

Well, I am so thankful that you responded that way.

Um, I knew...

That you would be such a gentleman because you always are.

So thank you for that.

You're welcome.

I think you know I absolutely love every minute I get to spend with you.

And I wanna spend more time with you, but I just can't stay the night, so do you want to just hang out for a little bit?

Well, I mean, we might as well use this key, you know?

Yeah, totally.

Yeah, let's do it.

Okay, let's do it.

After I give Jef the fantasy suite card, he tells me that he would be fine not going, just out of respect to me and knowing I wanna set a good example.

Like, he took everything I was gonna tell him about why I couldn't go and sent it back to me.

And it was very sweet, but at the same time, I wanted to turn him down.

But he kinda turned me down.

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Emily: Wow, this place is cool.

Jef: Yeah, this place is really cool.

Like a tree house...

(Chuckles) I know. It's awesome.

At the beach.

Yeah.

Jef: The fantasy suite is beautiful.

It's an amazing place that I would love to spend the night with Emily.

I mean, it's--it's perfect, and even though we're not gonna spend the night together, I'm not ready for this night to end.

I've had just the best night with you.

Me, too.

I've had the best whole day with you.

Me, too.

Yeah?

Yeah, it was amazing.

Good.

I love you.

♪

Being here with Emily is amazing.

Every moment I spend with her, I just fall more and more in love, and I would have loved to spend the night in the fantasy suite with Emily.

But at the same time, like, I know what we have, and I know what kind of example she's trying to set for Ricki.

There's a time and a place for everything, and right now is a time for us to bridle these passions.

I love every minute I get to spend with you.

But it's like-- and I feel so strongly for you, that I don't feel like a couple hours is gonna change anything.

Me, too.

Yeah?

Yeah.

Cool.

Today's date was the best date I've ever been on.

It was perfect.

Bye, honey.

Bye. I'll see you later.

It's so incredibly hard to walk out that door and walk away from the fantasy suite.

I know what we have is unique and different and amazing.

And after today, I'm more in love with this woman than ever.

♪

Coming up...

(Dolphin chirps) No way.

Oh, my God.

Arie: It's so easy to be with Emily.

There's such a chemistry between us.

It's hard to even talk.

We always wanna kiss each other, and it feels great.

I feel really close to you, but I don't know what you do on, like, a Tuesday morning.

(Voice breaking)

I would love nothing more than to be able to sit with Arie and just enjoy him, but there are three guys here, and I'm gonna pick one, and it makes me wonder, is everything I've ever prayed for right in front of me, and I'm just choosing to pass it by?

♪

(Seagull crying)

Arie: What's up?

Hey!

(Chuckles)

You walk too slow.

Hurry up.

I'm excited to see ya.

(Laughs)

How are ya?

Good. I missed you.

I missed you, too.

I think I fell in love with Emily on our first date, and my life has completely changed since I met Emily.

From the get-go, it was always this crazy crush and crazy attraction, but now we're here in Curaçao, and all I can think about is that moment when I can propose to her.

♪

Emily: My connection with Arie was literally almost, like, immediate, and since then, my feelings have grown a lot stronger.

So many things that I just like so much about Arie-- he makes me feel so comfortable, so I'm just excited to see him and hang out.

I'm ready to just have a whole day to focus on him.

Oh, look. Did you see that dolphin?

Where?

Right...

No way.

One thing really cool that you can do in Curaçao is go swimming with dolphins, like, in the middle of the ocean.

Arie: I know nothing about dolphins.

I just know that they're friendly, and that's good, because we're going into the open ocean and swimming with them.

(Calling)

Life is all about new experiences, and we've done so much together, and this is just another thing that we get to share together.

(Dolphin continues calling)

(Chirping) Oh, my God!

Dolphins are not that scary, but it scared me.

Aah!

(Laughing)

I don't want to.

I don't want to.

(Both laughing)

Arie is not scared-- he's not scared of anything.

He is so protective over me.

It's really sweet.

(Calling)

Just kind of, like, shows me that he would be a great Dad.

(Calling and chirping)

When I'm with Emily, I feel like we're the only two people in the world.

I haven't felt this way about any other woman.

Emily is the love of my life.

Things are perfect when we're together.

It's so easy to be with Emily.

It's just having, like, your best friend next to you at all times.

There's such a chemistry between us.

It's hard to even talk. I mean, we always wanna kiss each other, and it feels great.

(Calling)

I feel like you're really brave.

Yeah? I know that, you know, that was a little scary for you it was. I'm a baby.

So that was something--

I thought you'd be brave, but you trusted me, so that was cool.

Yeah, I trust you.

I feel like you save the good dates for me.

Yeah? Maybe I do.

Yeah, maybe that's just-- maybe that's just what I'm thinking.

Maybe I do. Dollywood.

That was a good time.

That was amazing.

Dollywood to Curaçao.

Who woulda thunk it?

I know.

(Giggles)

It's been--it's been a crazy journey, right?

What's been your favorite parts?

Um, I would say the most favorite part was our walk in Dubrovnik.

Mm-hmm.

And being on the beach in Bermuda-- that was really cool.

Mm-hmm.

I don't know.

I think we've had so many good moments.

I feel like-- all your moments involve kissing.

(Laughs) (Giggles)

Yeah, they do, actually.

Weird. Mine, too.

I know. It's so weird.

(Chuckles)

It's no secret that I just love kissing Arie.

I mean, every time I see Arie, first thing we do is kiss, and if we stop talking, it's to kiss...

And kiss...

And kiss.

Tonight is the fantasy suite.

It's gonna be really hard not to have the overnight date with Arie, just because I love kissing him because it's that good.

Perfect day.

I think so, too.

♪

If you think you've got what it takes to be the next bachelor or you're the perfect girl to date him, come interview at our casting events in Phoenix and Denver.

Go to abc.com for details.

(Squawking)

♪

You're doing good in those heels.

(Laughs) (Laughs)

One of your many talents.

Arie and I have had such a great day.

I always have fun with Arie.

Just the physical chemistry we have is so strong.

From our very first date, Arie has never been just my friend.

Oh, look at that.

For the two of us.

It's beautiful.

We've always been, like, holding hands and touching and even before our first kiss.

To an amazing day and to an even better night.

(Clink)

Cheers. Thank you.

But now that I'm at this point, and I do feel myself falling in love, I really want to try to figure out if there's more to my connection with Arie other than just chemistry.

I feel like from our very first date, like, you and I just kind of, like, got each other.

Yeah.

I feel really close to you, but I don't know what you do on, like...

A Tuesday morning.

A Tuesday morning?

(Laughs)

Or like...

I don't know what you do.

Like on a daily basis?

Yeah.

That's really funny that you said that, because, you know, through all this whole thing, it's like I know how we are here, but I wanna, like, watch her make breakfast and see how she is with Ricki and-- it's not good.

(Laughs) You know what I mean?

Just, like, the daily, like, simple things.

And, like, for me, when I'm in town, and I'm not racing, um, you know, I just get up in the morning, and sometimes I go to the shop and--and hang out.

What time do you get up?

Like 9:00.

Late. (Laughs)

Oh, honey.

I know. You're probably up-- you are in for a rude awakening.

You probably get up at, like, 6:30.

Hey-- 6:30?

Earlier?

I wish.

Really?

Yeah.

What time do you get home from work?

Usually around, like, 6:00.

I usually go to dinner with friends or something and then I go home, just hang out.

I love people. Like, I love being around people.

And I know, you know, living by yourself, you're just kind of alone a lot, and I don't like that, so I like--like, I go out almost every meal.

It's pretty bad.

So...

What else are you thinking about?

I can tell you have a lot on your mind.

Yeah. I was thinking a little bit about some stuff.

We had an amazing day, and I know we're getting really far along in this. Mm-hmm.

And, you know, I know that--

I know how I feel about you.

Mm-hmm.

And I think I know how I feel about me.

But there's a lot of things that I also still wanna know about after all of this.

You know, like where do you picture us?

And if I'm the man at the end, how do you see it working out after, as far as, you know, like, visiting each other, and where we're gonna live, and I know there's a lot of unanswered questions, you know?

Mm.

I don't have all the answers, to be honest.

But at the same time, like, I would be so happy to move to scottsdale if that's where you wanted to live, you know?

And... if I knew that you and I were gonna spend the rest of our lives together...

Yeah.

And the it was best for Ricki, and I feel like there isn't anything that would be better for Ricki, you know?

Yeah.

When I'm with Emily, I feel like we're the only two people in the world.

But I know how big a part that Ricki plays in her life, so, you know, when you bring Ricki into the equation, it can change everything.

It can be the best thing.

It can be a blessing to the relationship, and I feel like it can add so much more to what we already have.

I really wanna let Emily know how much this means to me.

You know, being a father is huge, and I feel like I'm so good with kids, and I know that-- that side of me is something that she's never seen before, and I'd love to show that to her.

What are your expectations for a father figure in Ricki's life?

At the end of the day, like, I just want somebody that's gonna love my daughter...

Yeah.

Like she's their own.

And in a lot of other situations, like, there's a Dad in the picture.

Right.

For her, there's not.

Like, she doesn't know that relationship.

So I would want somebody to come in that would genuinely love her so much that there wasn't a difference between the way her real Dad loves her and her stepdad.

For me, I think it's, like, such a slow progression, that you have to start out as, like, Ricki's friend, and then it turns into more along the line.

And I think that that relationship is just built so slowly, but it's fun, you know what I mean?

And then it becomes more.

But I think that there should never be a rush on that, you know?

And I think that it should just be, like, easy and fun and lighthearted.

And I think that a lot of, um, men might have that, like, built-up, like, "oh, I need to be the father figure," like, right off the bat, and I think first and foremost you need to be, like, fun to hang out with, and, you know?

Be their buddy and then, like, fill that role eventually.

And that was just my take on it.

I just wanted to-- no, I love that.

You know?

I love that.

I, um... have no doubt that she would want to be your best buddy.

(Chuckles)

I am interested to see how Arie would be with Ricki.

The way he thinks you gain a child's trust made so much sense to me, and it showed me that he's really thought about it and that he gets it, and he gets it more than I ever gave him credit for, to be honest.

It's tough because, you know, everything is so perfect between us.

Mm-hmm. From the beginning, I've wanted that.

In a way, you, like, put me first.

And you make me...

You know, feel like a man in the relationship, and you make me fulfill that role, and I love that about you because it gives me so much confidence-- more confidence than any other woman's ever given me.

So I love that about you.

Well, it's funny, because I feel the same about you.

Really?

I do.

This has gotta be tough on you, and I could never be in your shoes, and I hope that I give you a little bit of happiness...

You do.

Every time we hang out.

You do. You have made...

All of this so much easier.

I mean, from our first date...

Mm-hmm.

I mean, I was done.

(Laughs) You know?

Um...

I love that.

And, like, every cocktail party, rose ceremony, whatever, even if I'm just picking someone else up for a date...

Yeah.

I always look for you.

And I don't know.

You really have been, like, that light at the end of the tunnel for me.

You make it that much better.

Arie doesn't just tell me he likes me.

He shows me that.

Arie is so good-looking.

I mean... (Sighs)

And that's the problem.

Tonight is the fantasy suite overnight date.

It's a total inner struggle for me because he's so good-looking.

When I'm around him, I just wanna be, like, touching him, and, like, being with him.

But as a role model and as a mother, I just can't. I'm just not gonna give him the fantasy suite card.

You wanna head out this way?

Yeah. Let's do it.

Okay, cool.

At the end of the day, I don't trust myself.

I won't let myself go there.

But good lord, he's hot.

♪

(Voice breaking)

It makes me really sad, um...

Because I'm having the time of my life. Um...

I would love nothing more than to be able to sit with Arie and just enjoy him and, like, enjoy the moment.

But there are three guys here, and I'm gonna pick one, and that means that my relationship with the other two is gonna be over.

And that makes me sad, because they all really have, like...

Formed a place in my heart, and I'm not ready to let that go yet.

♪

Coming up...

I have such a huge decision to make.

Are you ready to make a decision tonight?

I have a lot of pressure on myself.

(Crying)

If I didn't have three great guys, it would be so easy.

I can't even wrap my head around the fact there are only two roses, and I don't wanna make the wrong choice.

♪

From day one, through all of this, I've had to make really hard decisions, and there's not one choice I've made that I regret.

I'm hoping that that's the case after tonight.

I have been thinking all day and all night last night about who I would send home tonight, and I-I really don't know.

Emily.

Hi.

It's good to see you again.

You, too.

Come on upstairs.

Let's have a talk.

Thank you.

I never, ever thought, in a million years, that I would feel this strongly about one of these guys, much less three of them, and going into tonight, I have such a huge decision to make, and I'm scared that I'm not gonna make the right one or that it's gonna end up the same way it did last time, you know, when I was with Brad.

So last week, after the rose ceremony on hometown dates, you seemed worried.

You just seemed a little off.

What seemed to be lacking in Los Angeles last week was clarity...

Mm-hmm. And I know you were hoping to get that this week.

Did you?

No. No, I didn't.

I had three perfect dates, um, all three very different.

Um, your worry has always been letting the right guy go.

Mm-hmm.

And, I mean, do you feel prepared to make a decision tonight?

Are you ready to make a decision?

I have followed my heart up until this point...

Mm-hmm.

And it has led me in the right way, and I've made the right choices.

It's been really hard in the moment, but afterwards, I can look back and say, "I made a good choice.

I did the right thing."

Right.

And I'm hoping and praying that tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and say the same thing.

So what is it? What's-- what's ticking inside you that, uh, makes you worry?

Um...

I see so much good in each of them, and I see a happy life with each of them.

I see Ricki and I blending perfectly with each of them...

Yeah.

And their lives, and their families, and everything, and if I didn't see that, it would make tonight so much easier, but I can honestly say that I am falling in love with each of them in different ways.

Yeah.

Um, it feels great, and it makes me know that I followed my heart in even coming back here and that I made the right choice.

Yeah.

At the end of this, I want to end up with one person, and I can't wait for that day, but at the same time, I'm not ready to say good-bye to the others yet, and honestly, I feel like every week I say, "this has been the hardest rose ceremony..."

Yeah.

"Up until this point," and I really do mean it every week I say it. Right.

Um, but this week has been just awful.

I think that this week, more than ever, I, um, just wish that there was more time.

But, you know, you know this is almost over.

I mean, we're here.

This is our last rose ceremony.

You know, tonight is it, and then what will hopefully be a proposal is next.

Like, we're here.

Can you put in words how hard tonight is gonna be...

No. Sending one of these guys home?

No, I can't.

What, like, what is going on inside you?

(Sighs) It makes me really sad.

Really?

Yeah, it does. Um...

What, uh, what makes you sad?

I don't know.

I've just had so much fun.

I've had fun, um, even in the hard times.

I can look back...

Yeah.

And say that it was good for me.

I just...

I think about...

Tomorrow morning...

Yeah.

And hope and pray that it'll be so obvious to me that I made the right choice.

(Sighs)

Well...

I don't know if this is going to help or hurt you, um, but each of the guys has made you a very private, personal video message to just kind of express their feelings in a last plea to you, uh, before you make your final decision tonight, so you have a lot on your plate right now, a lot to think about, so I'm gonna leave you with your thoughts, and take a look at these video messages when you're ready.

Are you okay?

Mm-hmm. (Chuckles)

I haven't seen this emotion in you before any rose ceremony this year.

Not many people have.

(Chuckles)

Um, yeah.

This is different tonight.

(Voice breaking) I think I'm just really, um, I'm a little stressed out this week.

Um, I have a lot of pressure on myself, and it's so easy to just focus on me, me, me all the time...

Right.

And how much I'm feeling, but I really do try to put myself in each of the guys' positions a-as--the best I can, and those are the moments that it's, like...

Yeah.

I just feel really bad.

I'm sorry.

No, it's okay.

It's just--

I know, but it sucks.

It's-- it's--it wouldn't suck if I didn't have three great guys.

It wouldn't suck.

It would be so easy.

(Sniffles) But I do, and that's what makes it really hard.

All right.

The video messages are there.

Um, get your thoughts together.

Think about what you want to do, and when you're ready, come join us down at the rose ceremony.

Okay?

Thank you.

Okay.

Mm.

All right.

I'll see you out there.

Thank you.

♪

(Sighs)

♪

(Emily, voice breaking)

I can't even wrap my head around the fact that there are only two roses tonight.

Um...

I thought about this day the night that there were 25 guys standing in front of me, and I, um, can't believe it's already here.

I've just had the best time--

the best time, and, um, I've loved every minute I've spent with these three guys.

(Sighs)

Emily, never in a million years did I think I would develop the feelings that I've developed for you.

I came into this thing so cynical, and I've told you that, never dreaming that I would actually give my heart to you, never dreaming that I would want you to give your heart to me.

And somewhere along the way, that all changed.

And I can honestly say that I'm head over heels in love with you.

I want to spend the rest of my life with you, and I can't see myself living my life any other way.

Hey, Chris.

Sean, how you doing, man?

Good.

Come on in.

I look forward to being a father to your daughter and having a family with you, and living the rest of our lives in pure happiness.

If you would, sir, right there.

Thank you.

I love you, and I don't ever want you to forget that.

Emily, I'm so happy we've been able to take this journey together.

When I first met you, I didn't know what the future held for us.

I knew there was something there that could grow, but now I know that I'm completely in love with you.

Hey, Chris.

What's up, Jef?

Our dates together have changed my life forever.

At the top of the Ferris wheel in London, I didn't ever want to come down.

And on the floor in Prague, I didn't ever want to get up.

In Croatia, I knew that I was in love with you, and I couldn't wait to tell you.

You are everything that I've hoped to find in every single way.

As I think about our future together, I want you to know that I promise to always defend you and protect you, and I promise I will always do my best to keep your cheeks sore from laughing so much.

I can't wait to meet Ricki.

I hope someday soon we can become a family.

We've already traveled the world together, and I can't wait to do more of it with you.

Together, we will watch a thousand sunsets.

I love you, Emily, and I can't wait for our future together.

Emily, since the first night we met, I looked into your big brown eyes, and I knew were in for a wild ride.

Our first date, in Dollywood, was amazing.

I can't describe to you how good it felt to kiss you while going around that carousel.

I knew from that moment forward that we fit so well together.

My huge crush turned into love when I had that blanket wrapped around us underneath the London sky.

Arie.

Chris.

How you doing, bud?

Good.

In Croatia, I had to run to you.

My heart's always racing towards you, and more than ever I needed to see you.

And then in Prague, when I told you that I love you, I could see so much emotion written across your face, and I love that about you.

I always know what you're feeling, and that just makes me feel so confident in all this.

Since the beginning, it was always you and me, and the best part about you is that I don't think you realize how beautiful of a person you are, inside and out.

And I can't wait to spend the rest of my life reminding you every day.

I love you so much.

♪

(Sniffling)

(Emily, voice breaking)

I do feel like you have to go through heartbreak in order to find the person you're supposed to be with.

I know that just as good as anybody.

But I hate to be the one to do it.

I don't want to be the one to have to teach that lesson to anybody.

(Sniffles)

Looking back on all three of my dates this week, I-I don't think the person I send home thinks it could be them.

Each of my dates was so great and perfect, really, that I don't think any of them think it's them.

That's what makes it so hard-- just caring so much about them and wanting them to be happy, and knowing that they've never done anything wrong to me.

I feel really bad.

I don't want to hurt anybody, and I don't want to make the wrong choice.

(Crying)

(Sobbing)

♪

(Sniffles)

Emily: This is one rose ceremony that I have dreaded for a long time, but I do feel like I know who I'm gonna say good-bye to tonight.

Going into it, do I feel confident?

No. Not at all.

My biggest fear in saying good-bye is that I didn't make the right choice.

And it makes me wonder-- is everything I've ever wanted right in front of me, everything I've ever prayed for right in front of me, and I'm just choosing to pass it by?

♪

Gentlemen, good evening.

It's been another incredible week at another amazing destination.

But I know that being here on the tropical island of Curaçao is the furthest thing from your mind tonight.

This is essentially the last rose ceremony.

The next step is one of you getting down on one knee and proposing marriage to Emily.

But with that said, the fact is, tonight, there's two roses.

After all of this, one of you will be going home tonight.

I wish you all the best.

And if you're ready, here's Emily.

♪

Thank you.

(Speaks indistinctly)

I cannot believe that we're at this point.

And I've got my three guys here.

Coming into this, when we started-- everything in Charlotte--

I could picture the whole fairy tale ending.

Uh, I just couldn't picture who would be there at the end.

Now it's totally different.

I can still picture the fairy tale ending, but I can picture three different guys being there at the end-- three different guys that I care about so much.

That's what makes this so hard.

I had to make a decision, and I want each of you to know that I really do care so much about each of you, and, um... (Clicks tongue)

That I'm sorry.

(Sighs)

♪

(Exhales)

Jef.

Jef, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

♪

(Sighs deeply)

(Exhales)

Arie.

Arie, would you accept this rose?

(Whispers) Of course I will.

Thank you.

♪

Sean, I'm sorry.

Take a moment and say your good-byes.

(Speaks indistinctly)

(Both speak indistinctly)

Thanks.

Can I walk you out?

Yeah.

Ah, that's gotta be so tough for him, man, and her.

Yeah.

Do you want to sit down?

Yeah.

(Dog barking in distance)

(Sniffles)

(Sighs)

(Sniffles)

(Sniffles)

I-I'm not sure what to say.

It's okay.

(Sniffles) What are you thinking about?

(Clicks tongue)

I mean, I feel...

(Breathes deeply)

I feel kind of stupid.

Why? Only because I knew with certainty that...

You know, I was ready to spend forever with you, and...

I mean, I just--I didn't see this coming, honestly.

(Sniffles)

I think you should know it's gonna hurt me.

(Exhales sharply)

(Sniffles and sighs)

(Crying)

And I want you to know that, like, I've wanted it to be you so bad.

So, so bad.

I'm really gonna miss you.

And I have loved every minute that we...

(Crying)

I'm gonna miss you more than you know.

But, um...

You know, I care about you, ultimately.

If this is the best for you, then...

Then I think you have to do what's best for you.

I am. I am.

(Breathes deeply)

Thank you for everything.

You're welcome.

All right.

I'll walk you out.

(Exhales)

(Sighs) (Sniffles)

Bye.

Good luck to you.

Thank you.

(Sighs)

(Sighs) (Door closes)

(Engine starts)

(Crying)

(Breathing heavily)

(Crying)

(Breathing heavily)

Honestly, when she walked out tonight, in my head I thought, "that's my wife."

I knew without a doubt that I was gonna marry her.

I mean, it hurts.

It hurts a lot.

A lot more hard than-- than I could probably describe, but...

I mean, I've had all week to think about this, and never did I think that I was gonna be going home.

You know, all week, my thoughts have been consumed with, you know, being a father, being a husband.

(Clicks tongue) Um...

Which I was fully prepared to do.

(Crying)

Sean: In this past week, I've... (Inhales sharply)

Pictured myself with her and Ricki and having the big family that she wanted.

I had this beautiful picture of what my life was gonna look like.

And now it's gone, so...

(Exhales)

It f--it feels like it was stolen from me, and there's nothing I can do about it.

And...

Um...

You know, there's a lot of-- a lot of emotions going on inside of me right now.

Sadness.

Um...

Embarrassment.

I want to love someone with every ounce of my being.

(Crying)

(Exhales)

♪

Next week on the bachelorette"...

It's the reunion show you don't wanna miss.

Hello, everybody, and welcome to the bachelorette: The men tell all."

Because the men from the most emotional season ever are back to talk about Emily...

Compromise would be me as a Dad.

And each other.

They'll never say it to you, but I will.

You're kinda coming at me right now, and I don't know why.

Is Chris still heartbroken over his failed attempt at love?

I don't understand.

How much faster could it possibly move?

It's not even just--

I told you I loved you.

Does Ryan still think he's the one for Emily?

I can't help but to think that maybe you're making the wrong choice.

And what will he say to the guys he thought were his friends?

Ryan's--he's kind of a jackass.

And then there's Kalon.

I don't like you. I wouldn't like me either if I were you, bro.

If Kalon continues to talk to people the way he does, someone might punch him in the face.

Will the guys finally put him in his place?

That was an uncalled for thing to say.

Yeah, not gonna apologize for it.

Then get the (Bleep) Out.

What will happen when Kalon sees Emily for the first time since that dramatic day in London?

It still makes my blood just boil.

And the guy with the most heartbreaking good-bye returns.

I'm gonna miss you more than you know.

(Crying)

Will Emily regret her decision to send her perfect man home?

When she walked out tonight, in my head, I thought, "that's my wife."

And then, on Sunday, July 22nd, it's the most dramatic television event of the summer, when Emily's journey to find love comes to an incredibly emotional end.

You have everything I've ever wanted in anybody.

Emily: The fact that I still don't know who the guy for me is...

(Whispers) I love you.

Makes me wonder if any guy here is for me.

I don't believe that you can love two people at once.

I'm so confused. I don't know where my heart is anymore.

That's why I encourage you-- wait on any kind of engagement.

(Crying)

It sounds like you know what you want to do and probably need to do today.

I don't even know how to start the conversation.

I don't know what to say.

It's different now.

(Crying)

You feel like at this point you're betraying both of them.

The hardest thing about today is actually...

Saying the words.

I don't--I don't know anymore.

Well...

Your mind is made up here.

You are done.

(Crying)

It all happens on the bachelorette" season finale Sunday, July 22nd, followed by a special live edition of after the final rose."

It's the television event of the summer you don't wanna miss.

Promotional consideration provided by Curaçao tourist board.

Man: Just do it whenever you're ready.

Don't worry about us.

Emily, since the first night we met, I looked into your big, brown eyes and knew we were in for...

(Bleep).

Can I go?

Yeah, whenever you're ready.

Okay.

Hi, Emily. Um...

Okay, let me start over.

(Laughs)

Hey, Emily...

(Babbles)

Emily, since the moment...

(Babbles) Take 12.

There's no rush. We wanna do this until you're happy. All right.

Should I stand like this?

How should I stand?

What should I do with my hands?

Emily... (Babbles)

Everything's going... (Babbles)

I looked into those big...

(Babbles)

I knew that... (Babbles)

When I did say... (Babbles)

Our first... (Sighs)

I think we get each other.

No.

Now I forgot where I was going to start.

Emily...

Hi. (Laughs)

(Laughter)

Hi. I'm Arie. Here we are, in beautiful... where are we?

Curaçao.

Curaçao.