Tonight on...

Hello, London!

Emily: I am so excited to be in London.

It's so old and so much history and so much more beautiful than I ever could have imagined.

Buckingham Palace.

Sean: This is like a dream.

It's safe to say that I'm falling for this girl.

The London Eye is incredible.

Wow, this is amazing. Right?

I'm with this beautiful girl right here.

I'm not saying that there's love there now, but I'm hopeful.

Jef: I feel like Emily gives me the feeling that people write fairy tales about.

You're the best.

Arie: Every single moment we've shared together has been awesome.

Emily: I just love being around him.

It feels right.

"But, soft! What light through yonder window breaks?"

(Laughter) The last thing I wanna do is act today.

"It is my lady, O!"

(High-pitched voice) "She will be a joyful woman."

It's all or nothing.

May the best Romeo win.

So with one more kiss...

If Shakespeare were alive today, he would say, "thouest suck."

Yesterday he was saying stuff that I was, you know, shocked to hear.

(Doug) He said Ricki was baggage.

That was an uncalled for thing to say.

Oh, my God.

Jef: Like, why are you here?

(Doug) One of us has to tell her, and it has to be soon.

One of the guys in the house referred to Ricki as baggage.

Who?

Emily: I wanna go off and go crazy, because that's how much I love my daughter.

I am so angry right now.

I want to go out there and rip his limbs off and b*at him with them.

Do you have anything to say for yourself?

Then get the (Bleep) Out.

It's all coming up on...

("Rule, britannia!" Playing)

Emily: Oh, wow, look at that flag.

(Ricki) Oh, wow.

Look at all this.

Can you believe this?

Emily: I have wanted to come to London forever.

And I am so excited to have Ricki here with me this week and be able to share this experience with her.

(Gasps) Wow!

Look at how pretty this is.

We don't have anything this pretty in Charlotte, huh?

So cute. (Camera shutter clicks)

Let me take your picture.

(Both laughing)

♪ ♪ ♪

Oh, cool.

Ricki is having so much fun.

She's never seen anything like this either.

London is so old and so much history and so much more beautiful than I ever could have imagined.

♪ ♪ ♪

Hey.

(Giggles) It's Ricki and mommy.

We're on top of a bus in London.

♪ ♪ ♪

I have ten guys coming here to meet me in London, and I think they're really getting their feelings involved.

It's getting closer and closer to the end, so I have a lot of decisions to make.

♪ ♪ ♪

Man: Oh, wow.

Man: Oh! Look at this place.

Whoa, man. Guys, come on over!

Man: Hey! (Man) Chris!

Come on in. Well, guys, welcome to the famous trafalgar square here in the beautiful city of London.

And, yes, this is where you'll be continuing your journey to find love with Emily.

But first, let me say congratulations.

Only ten of you left, but only one of you will become Emily's husband.

Yeah, I said it. Husband.

Because that's where this is headed, guys.

Emily is well on her way to falling in love.

And I hope you feel the same way as well.

So let's talk about this week.

Three dates-- group date, two one-on-one dates.

Roses up for grabs on all the dates.

If you get a rose, you're safe for the next rose ceremony.

But if you're on a one-on-one date, and you do not receive a rose, you're on the next plane back to the United States that night.

All right, you guys, get settled into your suite at the Mayfair hotel.

Enjoy one of the greatest cities in the world this week, and I hope to see all of you at the next rose ceremony.

See you guys later.

All right, Chris.

(Harrison) See ya.

♪

Ryan: London's pretty incredible.

Beautiful place, very romantic setting.

What an unbelievable backdrop for her to continue to develop a relationship with me.

Man: How's it going, sir?

Hi, gentlemen.

Man: Thank you.

Jef: The pressure's on this week.

There's only ten guys left, and as the numbers get smaller...

Wow.

The more feelings are involved.

I mean, I've been, like, hoping that my name would be on a one-on-one date since I came into this, and if there's ever a time to step it up, it's this week.

Oh, look at the view, man.

This is awesome.

Five guys haven't had a one-on-one date, and everybody is really anxious to get that date.

So time is running out, and I don't want her to really gain feelings for somebody that's not me.

Gentlemen.

Oh!

Oh, jeez.

I would love to have a date.

Sean.

Man: Wow.

"Love takes no prisoners.

Emily."

I'm so psyched.

Today is my first one-on-one date with Emily, and I could not be more excited.

I'm stoked.

You should be.

Can't wait to get out.

The date card said, "love takes no prisoners."

I have no idea what that means, but, uh, as long as I'm with Emily, it doesn't matter.

You know, I've developed really, really strong feelings towards Emily.

She's the ideal woman for me, and I'm really excited to see where it goes next.

Man: See you later, man.

Hopefully, I'll see you guys tonight.

I'm jealous.

I'm pretty jealous, too.

The thing I'm worried about is if Sean and Emily have that chemistry, like, that click, because I know Emily and I would be a good match, but we haven't had that chance to be together yet.

I would like to take it a little bit further and spend some time just us.

I didn't go on a date last week, so I was hoping I at least get a date, maybe a one-on-one.

One-on-one, maybe, yeah.

(Alejandro) Yeah, one-on-one would be cool.

Kalon: I'm a little bit annoyed at everything at the moment.

I'm not on the one-on-one date, and I'm not thrilled to-- to say the least.

The hardest part for me is not having control of the scenario and then not ever ending up as I planned.

It's extremely frustrating.

(Bell tolls)

Today I have a date with Sean, and I really couldn't be more excited.

He's so great-looking, but he's also so sweet.

So good to see you.

So good to see you.

I don't know.

I feel, like, this really strong connection with him, so I'm excited to, you know, see how today goes.

We are going to be getting a tour of London in the most perfect, iconic London way--

Our very own double decker bus.

No way.

Right there.

Sean: I'm so psyched.

First day I get to get out and spend the whole day with Emily.

We're in London.

It's gonna be great, you know?

London's calling, and, uh, you know what?

I'm gonna answer.

Hello, London!

Yay! (Laughs)

I like that. That's cool.

Yeah. I feel like I should know what that is.

That is...

Big Ben.

Yeah.

And that is so cool, too.

This is westminster abbey.

It doesn't matter where Emily and I are, but I think the romantic setting here in London, it just seems like the perfect place to be with her.

This is St. Paul's cathedral where princess Diana and prince Charles got married.

It is beautiful.

Isn't it so pretty?

Do you ever have those moments where you, like, wanna take a picture and remember, like, everything about that moment?

Kinda like right now?

Yeah. Yeah!

(Camera shutter clicks)

Emily: Oh, that's cute.

Would you mind taking a picture of us?

Woman: Sure, sure.

Thank you so much.

Sean: Thank you.

Emily: Thank you.

Woman: You're welcome.

Oh! Oh! Cover my behind.

(Laughs) I got ya.

(Camera shutter clicks)

You got big ol' muscles.

Sean: It felt incredible to just be enjoying this beautiful day, getting to know each other on a more intimate level.

It felt good. It felt natural.

It felt like that's the way things need to be.

It's safe to say that I'm falling for this girl.

This is perfect.

This is what I want.

So we're at Buckingham Palace.

Buckingham Palace.

This is where queen Elizabeth lives.

That balcony is where William and Kate had their first kiss.

So maybe we should take a picture with the balcony in the background.

Okay.

And maybe I can kiss you...

Done.

With that in the background.

Deal? Done.

All right, I hope it comes out.

Here we go. You ready?

(Camera shutter clicks)

You're a good photographer and a good kisser.

Thank you. I think we should try it again. Okay.

(Horn honks)

How do you feel that, uh, Sean's on the date and not you?

Um, I don't know. I mean, obviously, I expected to have a one-on-one date this week.

I'm like a group date master, dude.

Yeah.

Like, I'm, uh...

I didn't here--

I didn't come here to go on group dates with her. Like...

Yeah. I came here to hang out with her, and if she spends-- yeah, but--

If she--

You gotta realize that if you become a part of her life, pretty much any date is gonna be a group date.

It's gonna be you, her, and Ricki.

(Laughs)

Wow. I just think it's so uncalled for for Kalon to say anything about Emily raising Ricki.

I mean, Ricki means the world to her.

I mean, he was raised by a single mother, so I was just like, "you are seriously an arrogant, egotistical (Bleep).

"Do you think that's fair to Emily?

Like why-- why are you here?"

I think when you love someone, you make a lot of sacrifices, you know?

Yeah. That's like--

That's part of, like, being with somebody, is, like, you kind of learn what they're into, and maybe you'll get into that.

Yeah.

♪

(Birds chirping)

Emily: So tell me about the last date you went on.

So... the last date I went on was probably four or five months ago.

Mm-hmm.

And it was only one date.

You know, she definitely didn't have the qualities I was necessarily looking for in a long-term relationship, and so, I mean, I figured it out pretty quickly...

Well-- But before that, I hadn't been on a date in a long time.

Really?

Over a year.

Why? I just haven't come across the right girl, you know?

Hmm. I told you, I'm selective.

You did tell me that.

Good girls are hard to come by.

Good guys are hard to come by.

Very hard.

Well, not just good guys, but, like, the good guys, like, that you like...

Mm-hmm. I guess.

You know what I mean?

Guys...

Usually that look like you are really boring.

(Groans) But you're not boring.

(Laughs) Yay for me.

So you passed the test. Yay!

Well, I'm glad to hear that.

You're the opposite of boring.

I'm having, like, the best day.

Thank you.

I'm having the best day, too.

Sean is definitely up for whatever I throw at him, and it's fun to be out and see the silly side of him.

Want me to carry that?

Thank you.

And seeing Sean just be so carefree really makes me wanna be around him even more.

Man: Correct. That's correct.

What do you think?

What do you think?

What do I think about what?

Freedom of speech-- Number one.

That must be maintained.

I would agree with that 100%.

Why don't you come up so everyone can hear you?

Sean: So Emily and I stumble across this place called speakers' corner, and I've never done anything like this before.

I'm not much of a public speaker.

I can do that.

Man: Okay.

I had no idea what I was gonna say.

But I-I was in the moment.

(Sighs)

So I just said the first thing that came to my mind.

Let me tell you what I think about love.

Man: Okay.

I think loving someone is giving yourself completely to them, loving them with a eternal type of love--

A bond so much deeper than most people can comprehend.

I've never experienced the type of love I'm talking to you about, but I have been in the presence of it.

My parents have shown me great love.

My grandparents have shown me great love.

I'm searching for that great love.

I haven't found it yet, but I'm hopeful that I will.

Aw, you didn't find yet?

How come?

T-today I am with this beautiful girl right here. (Man) Oh.

Has she?

I'm hopeful. I'm not saying that there's love there now, but I'm hopeful that it may be there.

Emily: Standing here listening to Sean talk about love and be so confident is so hot.

I mean, he is so passionate in everything that he says, and to be honest, like, he's done pretty good on the checklist of what I'm looking for.

I'm gonna give the stage back to this guy, okay?

Emily: But I feel like there's still a whole lot that I don't know about Sean, and going into tonight, I'm excited to spend more time with him and see where it goes.

That was so sweet.

I had no idea you had it in ya.

Me neither. (Laughs)

That was really good.

(Bells tolling)

(Raspy voice) So, you know, the date card said, "come be my prisoner of love."

Right.

I couldn't say anything earlier, but this is where we're gonna have dinner.

Good evening, sir.

Good evening.

Good evening, ma'am.

Hi. How are you?

And welcome to your majesty's royal palace and fortress, the tower of London.

Thank you.

My name's yeoman warder Pete McGowan, and I'm gonna be your escort this evening.

I'm gonna take you to the Wakefield tower, where your table awaits.

If you'd like to follow me, thank you very much.

Just lovely. Thank you.

Thank you.

My date card said, "love takes no prisoners," and I thought it would be fitting, because we're in a prison, and love does take no prisoners.

Follow me, please.

Just to be here in the London tower, like, it's unreal.

Emily: Thank you, sir.

Sean: Thank you.

People don't get to do this, and to be let in by a guard...

Through this doorway here.

This is where king Henry lived.

(Door rattling)

Sean is totally my prisoner of love tonight.

Wow.

So cool.

Sean looks so handsome tonight.

Thank you, sir.

And the fact that I get to have dinner with him here at the tower of London--

I just, I'm like...

Beside myself.

Please enjoy your short imprisonment.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Isn't that cool?

So I'm a prisoner of love right now.

Yeah, you are.

(Cell door rattles and closes)

Okay.

So... king Henry viii used to put all of his wives locked up here...

Mm-hmm.

And he beheaded two of 'em.

Mm.

So if you don't play your cards right...

(Imitates cutting sound)

(Laughs) Better be careful then.

No pressure.

All right, I'll-- Better be on your best behavior.

I'll do my best.

(Laughs)

So you're, um, gonna drop the b*mb that you--

The big b*mb.

That you're divorced three times and...

Mm-hmm.

Have seven children.

No, I don't have any b*mb to drop on you.

I told you, what you see is what you get, and I can honestly say today was the best date I've ever had in my life, easily, I mean, by far.

Aw!

Thank you.

Easily.

You're welcome.

I had so much fun, and I was really surprised about just you and everything today, so...

What was the biggest surprise?

Like, you have everything that you...

That could make you perfect.

But you're very humble in a way that you don't, like, sell yourself.

I-I really like that.

Well, thank you.

Yeah. You're welcome.

Ryan: I have the date card.

Man: Oh!

Man: Date card, yeah.

Much anticipated.

That's awesome.

Jef: This week, I want a one-on-one date.

I've gone on every group date, and I've just been kind of patiently waiting.

The most important thing for me would be to not be on the group date.

Man: Ready.

Ready.

Here goes.

All right, guys, here's what we got.

"A rose by any other name would smell as sweet."

John: What the hell does that mean?

"Would smell as sweet."

(Alejandro) You guys, I believe that was Shakespeare.

I think that quote was Shakespeare.

Yeah, I think it was.

John: No wonder we didn't know it.

A bunch of macho dumbasses.

(Laughter)

I hoped and assumed that the one-on-one date here in London would be mine.

Worst-case scenario, I get a group date, and I'm not really enjoying this.

All right. "Chris."

Man: Chris!

Man: Chris.

"Arie."

Arie!

Yeah, buddy.

"Ryan."

Ryan O.

"Doug."

Douglas.

"Alejandro."

Alejandro.

"Travis."

Mm-hmm.

"John."

Damn!

(Laughter) It's down to us two?

And... finally...

"Kalon."

Men: Whoa!

Oh, my God.

Going on a one-on-one.

Man: Nice.

Kalon: I didn't get the one-on-one date.

Instead, I get a group date.

"A rose by any other name would smell as sweet."

Uh, for some reason, I don't believe that.

I-I don't see tomorrow smelling decent at all.

To me, it smells like (Bleep).

Ryan: All right.

Yeah. (Chuckles)

As you know, I have a 6-year-old daughter.

I do know.

And that's a huge responsibility, and, like, I don't wanna rush things, but...

Mm-hmm.

I want a lot of kids.

So you're saying, like, ASAP.

Yeah, like yesterday.

That's what I'm hearing.

(Laughs)

Yeah. (Laughs)

Uh, no, but I do.

Like, I, um...

You know, I wanna give Ricki time to adjust, and...

Mm-hmm.

I want her to have brothers and sisters that are, you know, close to her in age-- Somewhat close. Yeah.

I mean, as wonderful as it is being an uncle, like, I cannot wait for that to be my own kid.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

How many kids do you want?

Is it something you've thought about?

I haven't put a lot of thought to it.

Really?

Like, two-- Two is a good number.

Me and my sister were good.

Yeah.

But I'm-- I'm open-minded.

Okay.

You know?

Three? Four?

Three or four, six, ten.

Okay.

Whatever.

Good to know.

(Chuckles)

I think Sean-- He really is, like, the whole package.

I couldn't imagine anybody being more perfect of a husband than Sean and, like, being more marriage material than he is.

So...

There's a rose.

Mm-hmm.

And...

I had the best day.

Any questions or worries that I had were put to rest.

I mean, you blew me away, and it's crazy for me to think, like, you were the first one out of the limo, and now you're here, and you... set the tone for that night, and you certainly set the tone for here on out, and so...

Sean, would you accept this rose?

Absolutely.

Thank you.

Thank you.

I'm very excited to get the rose.

When I'm around Emily, I am full of happiness.

I like this.

This is really pretty.

This is, like, the best view ever.

It's days like this that, um, you know, make me excited for what's next and all that, so...

I know.

Thank you for that--

For that great first date.

I feel like I've known you for a while.

Yeah, it's pretty cool.

I know what this is all about.

Good.

But, I mean, I'm also confident in what we have.

Good. Me, too.

You know?

Emily: Hearing Sean say that he has confidence in what we have--

It makes me really happy.

Okay.

♪

Sean: Tonight capped off a wonderful day.

You know, tonight's a night that I wish I could relive over and over and over again.

This night could go on forever, and I'd be a happy, happy man.

Emily: I really like my kisses with Sean, and I love the direction that we're heading, and I think that my kisses and my relationship with Sean are only gonna get better.

♪

Coming up...

Juliet, where art thou?

(Cheering)

The last thing I wanna do is act today.

"What light through yonder window breaks?"

(Laughter)

Kalon: I am the romantic lead.

Unfortunately, I have to share it with four other part-time romeos.

But I am not quite d*ad yet!

(Laughter)

So with one more...

Travis: That sapsucker got two kisses.

Shakespeare wouldn't like that.

I don't think Emily liked it either.

One of the guys in the house referred to Ricki as baggage. Who?

I wanna go off and crazy.

I say we just go out there.

I wanna go West Virginia, hood rat, backwoods on his ass.

Is there anything you can say to say, "no, I didn't say that"?

Then get the f*ck out.

Today I'm on a group date with seven other guys in Stratford-upon-avon, and the date card said, "a rose by any other name smells just as sweet."

Hey, guys.

I don't really know what today has to offer, but I'll try my best and come home with the rose.

(Raspy voice)

How are y'all doing?

Good.

Good to see ya.

Oh, you're sick.

You poor thing. (Kisses)

Emily's voice is almost gone.

Good.

Losing your voice a little bit?

Yeah.

But she's being an awesome trouper.

How you feeling, sweetie?

I know I sound like I'm on my deathbed, but I don't want them to think that I'm not having fun just because I don't sound like I'm having fun.

We're at Stratford-upon-avon, which is Shakespeare's birthplace, and today we are going to be doing scenes from "Romeo and Juliet."

Oh, wow.

Don't get too scared.

I did bring three Shakespeare experts.

Oh, man. Like, the last thing I wanna do is act today, but it's okay.

But really not-- not at all.

The three of us work for the Shakespeare birthplace trust.

So I think we're gonna get you guys to do a bit of an audition for us.

I'm so scared right now.

I hate acting, so I am terrified to audition.

So if you'd like to follow us in this direction, we can get started.

I am really looking forward to all these guys, um, performing some Shakespeare today.

I think it's gonna be really funny.

I will tell you how much I learned in school about Romeo.

"But, soft!"

(Laughter)

What light yonder... Window breaks?

Is it the east..."

(Laughter) Travis.

"Be not her maid, since she is envious."

(Imitates Southern accent)

"Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou, y'all, Romeo?" (Laughs)

"It is the east..."

(Laughter continues)

"And Emily is the sun."

(Whispers) It's so terrible.

"...art far more fair than she..."

You know, everyone's joking.

I myself at taking this extremely seriously.

"...And k*ll..."

"But none but fools do wear, cast it off."

I don't (Bleep) Know what I just said.

Emily: I just want the guys to have fun today and not think that I'm looking for an Oscar-winning performance.

(Dramatically)

"...My lady, o..."

(Stilted voice)

"It is my lady, o..."

(Laughter)

I want a guy that doesn't take himself too seriously.

Part of being a great Dad is being able to put your ego aside and have fun and not be afraid of looking silly and just be a big kid sometimes.

All right, I'm going to announce the four boys who will be playing Romeo in our forthcoming scenes.

First, Alejandro, then John.

Awesome.

And then Ryan and Kalon.

I was not surprised.

I was born to play this role.

And then who's the last two?

Arie.

I'm Doug.

Remember, when Shakespeare was writing the plays, he was writing for male characters to play the female characters.

So you guys will be the nurse.

(Laughter)

Hooray!

(Laughs) Are you kidding me?

So I'm on a date with Emily, and I'm gonna be the nurse.

Awesome.

I'm not looking forward to this.

I get to flirt with one of you two.

(Laughter) I'm hoping for Arie.

No offense, Doug.

This is the absolute last thing I would have ever wanted to do, but apparently my strength as an actor is playing the opposite sex.

I-I had no idea.

You're the only one who actually gets to kiss Juliet.

Oh, my goodness.

Oh, yes.

I'm playing the Romeo that actually gets the kiss.

So Arie's gonna be wearing a dress today, and I'm gonna be kissing the girl. Damn. Poor fella.

Do you wanna play the nurse?

No.

Okay. I thought I'd get out of that one. No.

I'm not really up for the task, but I'm doing it because it's worth it, you know?

Obviously, I like Emily, so I wanna show her that I'm not gonna quit, but I'm just trying to be positive.

It's hard to be positive.

"Now, good nurse...

(Gasps)

O, why look'st thou sad?"

I have very little of understanding of what is going on in my scene.

It's like reading a foreign language.

"Thou shamest by playing it to me with so sour a face."

"I am a-weary."

"A-weary" means tired."

"Give me awhile.

Fie, how my bones ache!

What a jaunt I had!"

Jaunt"? I have no clue. Is this the poultice for my aching bones?"

(Laughs) I do not know what a poultice is.

"Have you... got leave to go to-shrift today?"

"I have."

I have never seen Arie's face this shade of red.

Arie looks absolutely terrified.

Whew! And scene.

(Laughter) That's a cut.

I worry that Arie is so freaked out, that he's not gonna be able to just let go and have fun.

I hope not.

"Hold, tybalt!

Good mercutio!"

"I'm hurt.

A plague on both your houses!"

(Laughs) Shakespeare is huge in Madison, Mississippi.

That's all we do.

You know, on the weekends, I just stay home and read Shakespeare.

"Mercutio, thou consortest with Romeo."

"Consort?!

What, thou us minse-merls."

(Laughter)

I can't say that damn word.

"Make us minstrels."

"Minstrels."

Y'all are so manly.

(Laughter)

I'm not a good actor, but I'm willing, you know, to do anything to--

To show Emily that, you know, I'll do anything for her.

"What would'st thou have with me?"

"Stop!"

(Grunting)

Oh, poor Travis.

"A plague on both your houses!"

(Laughter)

Travis, you are so funny.

I knew Travis would have a lot of fun with this, just because he's such a fun guy.

Those are all qualities that I look for, and a father figure.

He's just so great.

"But, soft! What light through yonder window breaks?

"Is it the east, and Juliet is the sun?

Arise, fair sun, and k*ll the envious moon."

Where are those moments of...

(Gasps) Sigh, yeah?

Kalon: Ryan's probably my stiffest competition.

I have to be in my a" game.

Obviously, the competition is heating up.

You know, it's all or nothing.

That's kind of the theme of this whole endeavor.

You got a nice way with the words, though.

Sounds good there.

Hello. How's it going?

I got your romeos nicely shaped up, ready for you.

Awesome.

So you start off just lying there.

But then the good part is--

Go ahead.

Yeah, the good part is you kiss his lips, and some poison is left for you to k*ll your own self.

It's like a very slow, intimate, romantic kiss.

(Chuckles)

Ryan: It's not like a quick peck.

Hmm.

Kalon: Ryan's wasting my time.

My performance today is extremely important.

I've got to rehearse, and it's frustrating.

This is my date.

This is my night.

I'm getting a rose.

There's no other option.

Ryan: Is this your first play that you've ever been in?

(Sighs) Yeah, well, we need to get back to rehearsals.

I know. I'm sorry--

You can run along.

Kalon shoos me away.

I don't know who he thinks he is, but he needs to chill out and realize that he's not, you know, on Broadway.

Kalon needs to lighten up.

He is way too intense.

So, guys, did you enjoy that?

Men: Yes.

Yeah! That was awesome.

Excellent. We need to go and get you guys ready to perform, and we're gonna add another little challenge for you.

A live audience.

I don't wanna sound like an idiot, especially in front of an audience.

Oh, my gosh.

It's becoming more real.

So we're gonna launch you on your waiting public.

Let's get it goin'.

Good luck.

Ryan: Let's go.

Let's go!

Oh, great. I'm nervous.

I'm not an actor, and I don't like really performing onstage.

I am terrified that this is just gonna go badly.

This is my worst nightmare.

♪

(Swords clanking)

"Vile submission! What woulds't thou have with me?"

Arie: We are in Stratford-upon-avon, the birthplace of Shakespeare, and, uh, we're about to act out "Romeo and Juliet," and I am gonna play the role of the nurse.

(Bleep) My life, man.

Ooh. Costumes.

Oh, God.

Arie, there's your wig.

Oh, look what I get to wear.

Oh, my God.

This is just like a normal Friday night out on the town.

Lookit. Hey, hey, lookit.

(Alejandro) I wanna show respect for Shakespeare.

I'm in his hometown.

Wow, that's a pretty sweet little getup right there.

Feeling pretty lucky because I feel like I got a pretty good costume compared to some of the other guys.

Oh, my God.

I need some boobs.

Do I look like a woman?

I am gonna be the best damn woman I can be.

Whoa.

I think the rose is gonna go to who has the most fun today.

You know, Emily-- She's a mom, and she wants to know if we can look a little silly.

♪ Ta-da ♪

(High-pitched voice)

I'm wowing Emily, and I'm taking that rose home tonight. Jolly good.

(bl*ws note)

(Cheering)

A crowd thee waits.

(Cheering)

(Applause)

Chris: I'm deathly nervous of performing in front of an audience, but I think I'm more nervous about how Emily sees me perform in front of a large audience.

(Cheers and laughter)

Juliet, where art thou?

(Cheering)

(Chanting)

Juliet! Juliet! Juliet! Juliet!

Juliet! Juliet! Juliet! Juliet!

Juliet! Juliet! Juliet! Juliet!

John: Emily looks gorgeous.

She is the most beautiful Juliet I've ever seen.

She's just, uh, stunning.

You guys look beautiful.

(Laughter) (Emily) I love seeing all the guys interact with each other, and they seem to be having a lot of fun with it.

Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to introduce the balcony scene.

(Applause) Milady.

Thank you, sir.

Kalon: I'm the romantic lead.

Unfortunately, I have to share it with four other part-time romeos, so may the best Romeo win.

(Dramatically) "But, soft!

What light through yonder window breaks?

Is it the east, and Juliet is the sun?"

(Stilted voice) "O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?"

"Shall I hear more, or shall I speak at this?"

Kalon is very intense.

Kalon got the most romantic lead in probably any Shakespeare play, and it was like the least romantic scene.

"Henceforth I will never be thee Romeo."

(Doug) Kalon was like a little too serious.

You gotta have fun with it.

She's worth it. You know, you signed on to do this, and so I'm gonna--

I'm gonna give it my everything.

"Nurse, commend to me to thy lady and mistress.

I protest unto thee."

(High-pitched voice)

"Lord, lord!"

(Laughter)

"She will be a joyful woman."

He sounds just like me.

"Hark you, sir." (Kisses)

Hark and go.

When he kisses me, it's a little rough.

But it's wet and it's warm, so, you know, two out of three ain't bad.

"Put thy rapier up."

"Come, sir, your passado!"

(Clanking)

(Both laughing)

"Mercutio!"

No! "A plague on both your houses."

Arie: Travis was really funny, but he was actually pretty good.

Um, everyone was good, so I'm definitely jealous I'm not a thespian and that I have no theatrical experience or acting experience.

Which one is Juliet?

(Laughs)

Arie: I'm going crazy right now.

I'm having a nervous breakdown.

I do not wanna do this.

(High-pitched voice)

"I am a-weary!"

(Laughter)

"Fie, how my bones ache!

"What a jaunt have I had."

Don't make me laugh.

"Is thy news good, or bad?

Answer to that."

"You know not how to choose a man: Romeo. His legs excel all men's."

(Laughter)

"But for the hand, the foot, the body."

(Laughter and cheers)

You were such a good sport.

I have always been crazy about Arie.

But after today, I am way more attracted to him, just seeing him put himself out there and let go and have fun.

This is too weird.

You gotta take these out before I give you a hug.

(Laughs) I know, I know, I know.

It's the weirdest thing ever.

(Laughs)

Okay.

You ready for this?

I'm ready.

Tables have turned.

I'm getting the kiss tonight, and Arie's gonna have to sit there in his little woman dress.

I think it's great.

"O my love!

My wife!"

Here's to my love."

(Laughs)

(Laughter)

Thus... With a kiss..."

Easy, playboy.

Arie: Ryan's cracking me up because he's, like, excited 'cause he finally gets to kiss Emily, and I'm, like, "dude, it's a play."

You're not actually kissing her.

"I shall die."

(Audience hooting)

If Shakespeare were alive today and saw Ryan, he would say, "thouest suck."

I don't really count Ryan's kiss as a real one.

I mean, they were acting.

And he didn't do... (Chuckles)

A very good job at it.

Oh, but I'm not quite d*ad yet!

(Laughter)

So with one more kiss...

(Man groans)

(Cheering)

That sapsucker got two kisses.

Shakespeare wouldn't like that.

I don't think Emily liked it either.

(Laughs)

Man: Yeah!

The stage kiss-- That was the best part of my acting, is that I made it come off real, 'cause it kinda was.

(Cheering)

You're a good kisser.

Kissing Ryan was a surprise for me. It was so sweet.

I mean, he's like the perfect Romeo.

You guys were so awesome.

I can't tell you how much it means to me that you had fun with it.

I was really impressed.

But I know this is not why you came.

So let's get out of these costumes, go to the pub, and get a beer.

Oh!

Nice.

Let's go.

Let's go.

I am so proud of the guys today.

They all did so awesome.

The rose tonight means a lot to me, and I want to really take time, talk to the guys, and see who really wows me again.

Chris: That was fun.

Coming up...

(Doug)

Last night, as I understand it, Ricki was referred to as baggage.

That was an uncalled for thing to say.

That is so disappointing on so many levels.

I am so angry right now.

I wanna go off and go crazy, because that's how much I love my daughter.

I want to rip his limbs off and b*at him with them.

Oh, here we go.

Arie, I didn't recognize you with pants on.

I know, exactly, right?

I feel better now.

Travis: You looked better as a girl.

(Doug) Today was great.

Today we had a lot of fun.

It's something I've never done before.

Getting dressed up like an old woman and, you know, reciting Shakespeare lines.

Oh, cool.

Check it out.

Ryan: Here you go, guys.

Who wants the dark?

I'll take the dark.

Emily: You all deserve this.

You all impressed me so much today, and seems like you guys really did have fun with it, so thank you.

To Shakespeare.

To Shakespeare.

Cheers.

Cheers.

Emily: I am so proud of the guys.

They deserve a fun night at the pub.

You know, these guys really put themselves out there for me today, especially Arie.

He made me laugh and took so much pressure off of me.

So what's up?

What's going on?

I'm, like, uh, today, was like the hardest day for me, obviously.

It's like totally not my thing, so...

I know, but you were so good.

I hope you appreciate that.

I do. I'm so grateful.

(Laughs)

It was like...

You did so awesome.

I've tried to go out on a limb.

I just made fun of myself, which is easy to do.

I always do that.

You did.

And I'm glad I made you laugh, 'cause that is the most important part.

I know you're not feeling well, and when I'm not feeling well, I just want, you know, to have some humor and to laugh about it.

You're the best.

Oh, thank you. Come here.

I missed you.

If you kiss me in every city that we go to, I'll be the happiest man in the world.

Our time together was amazing.

She just makes me feel confident and she makes me feel like I'm the only one in the house, and it helps me get through this.

Let's go over here.

Okay, cool.

I got a plan.

Your plans scare me a little.

(Chuckles) Do they?

I had a lot of fun today.

Got a kiss, man. Not bad.

I would say tonight ends with a kiss one way or the other.

That's why I have a nice, beautiful surprise.

I'll be there in a minute.

I'm gonna...

(Laughs) You are trouble.

(Laughs)

I'm kind of trouble, but in a good way.

Oh, my goodness.

You know, in my experience, when a girl tells you you're trouble, and she smiles when she says it, I think sometimes maybe she wants to get in trouble.

They don't need to interfere in our time together.

(Chuckles)

You are rotten.

Ryan: I am rotten.

What do you y'all think, uh...

What Ryan's up to back there?

Yeah. I don't know.

Somebody should interrupt them.

So before somebody comes walking through that curtain over there, I have a surprise for you.

Uh-oh.

I'm sorry this is not in, like, some nice box or anything.

It's-- it's simple.

Aw.

It's simple, but it's nice.

I love that. Oh, my gosh.

This is just pure, and it's good.

That is so thoughtful.

Isn't that nice?

It is so sweet.

Thank you.

Turquoise is my favorite color.

I know it is.

It's my favorite kind of jewelry.

This is a huge surprise.

Yep.

For so many reasons.

Really?

Yeah. Totally.

Thank you so much.

You're very welcome.

I wanna make sure that we are more than just really attracted or enjoy each other's company, but...

Yeah.

I'm taking a real approach to this.

Thank you so much.

That is really very sweet of you.

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

(Clicks teeth)

What's up, buddy boy?

Unfortunately, nothing.

That's the problem.

You'll get a chance to talk to her, tell her how it is.

Yeah, I'll get a chance to talk to an exhausted, sick mother who has a child waiting on her, no.

Over the past couple days, Kalon had some words that were pretty insulting towards Emily and, you know, towards Ricki.

And it's insulting to the guys that are here for the right reasons.

So yesterday Kalon was saying stuff that I was, you know, shocked to hear.

Um, just negative stuff in general about-- about Emily.

"She has a lot of baggage."

And I'm like...

That pisses me off.

You know what I mean?

It's like, what the (Bleep)

Are you doing here?

Right.

That's-- that's how I feel.

But if I didn't feel the way I felt, I wouldn't be here.

Me, too.

I literally would just leave.

I agree.

You know, this is a big deal.

Yeah.

Like, someone could potentially be engaged at the end of this.

And then they were kind of mocking that.

It just-- It does frustrate me a lot, but I'm kind of holding it in.

Right.

And that's a part of why this is so difficult.

Chris just told me what Kalon had said, and I'm pretty pissed off, so I don't know.

I don't-- I don't--

There's no real excuse for it.

Arie: What do you think about Kalon?

I feel like maybe he's not as serious as maybe what Emily wants, maybe.

I actually talked to Kalon and heard him say she has a lot of baggage.

Hold on. Really?

Yeah.

That's, um...

Really, really...

(Bleep)

Hearing that Kalon said that Ricki was baggage, like, genuinely pisses me off.

Where is Kalon?

Man: Oh, he's over there.

If somebody said that about Austin, like, it would come to serious words, and I might throw him on the floor.

As a single parent, I would wanna know if somebody's referenced my son as baggage, so one of us has to tell her, and it has to be soon.

At the end of the day, I know I'm here for the right reasons, so I'm not worried about other folks.

There's guys here that heard it in person, and so I wanna know if this was said.

Kalon, come here for a minute.

Kalon, last night, Ricki was referred to as baggage.

Yeah. Not gonna apologize for it.

Certainly maybe wished--

Obviously I wouldn't--

I'm not gonna retract it.

Uh, "baggage," again, has a negative connotation when it's brought up like that.

All it is is a responsibility.

That is a huge responsibility.

That was an uncalled for thing to say.

Candidly, calling Ricki baggage is like calling Austin baggage, and it's just (Bleep) all around, and I'm saying the (Bleep) a lot right now.

I'm certain Emily wants to end up with somebody who, you know, doesn't think of her daughter as baggage.

How you doing?

Good. How are you?

So I'm gonna talk to her about it, and we'll see what happens.

Um, there's something that if I was in your position, I would wanna know, and I don't wanna see somebody who is a really good person go home when somebody else should go home.

So all of that said, last night... (Sighs)

Um...

One of the guys in the house referred to Ricki as baggage.

(Whispers) Who?

(Raspy voice) Who?

Kalon.

So then I asked--

"Like, tell me, like, was that said in that context?"

And it was.

My heart's b*ating so fast.

I'm so angry right now.

I would be, too.

I'm trying to--

I'm thinking a million-- my mind is going a million miles a minute.

I'm trying to think of, you know, the most ladylike way I can handle this the most graceful way.

Um...

The worst reaction in life is always a knee-jerk angry reaction.

Like, you know, there's...

I agree with that to a point.

But I want to go out there and rip his limbs off and b*at him with them.

I will never as long as I live let anyone speak ill of Ricki or any other kids I might have or any husband I might have.

I will protect my family till the day I die.

Um...

I say we just go out there.

You want to?

Yeah, I wanna ask.

All right.

I wanna go off and go crazy, because that's how much I love my daughter.

I wanna go West Virginia hood rat backwoods on his ass.

(Bell tolls)

I want to go out there and rip his limbs off and b*at him with them.

Doug told me that Kalon said that Ricki was baggage.

I say we just go out there.

You want to?

Yeah.

I want to ask.

I wanna go off, because that's how much I love my daughter.

I wanna go West Virginia hood rat backwoods on his ass.

Hey, guys, can everyone sit down for a second?

Um...

So, uh, this is not the easiest thing to do, but something got brought to my attention, and, Kalon, you're on the spot.

Last night, as I understand it, Ricki was referred to as baggage.

Do you have anything to say for yourself?

Yeah. Um, I mean, it's unfortunately came up again with a negative connotation.

I mean, it's not baggage.

That's part of your life, and-- and it's gonna be a big responsibility for, you know, whoever of these men you happen to end up with.

It's a huge blessing.

That is my heart and soul, and for anyone to say that that's baggage--

Well, that's certainly--

Let me talk.

Okay.

I love to hear you talk, but not until I'm done.

I got that line from you.

So for anyone to say that that's baggage does not deserve to be on any date with me.

If had you asked me about Ricki, you know, you would see that she's the furthest thing from baggage, and anyone with the tiniest heart could see that.

But it makes me sad for you.

Not for me.

So is there anything you can say to say, "no, I didn't say that"?

No. Not at all.

Then get the f*ck out.

All-- all I was trying to express was that, uh, I always dreamed that my first child would probably be one of my--

Your mom was a--

You're from a single mom.

Yeah, exactly.

That's the thing that disappoints me the most.

You-- Your mother is in my same position, and how dare you?

How dare you?

I, uh, I mean, that is so disappointing on so many levels.

Well, I'm sorry you feel that way.

That-- that was not what I intended to express at all.

All I care to suggest is that-- You know what?

This conversation is so inappropriate and so insulting, and I am not even gonna have it.

In that situation, the only thing he could have said to have made me think any differently is no, I didn't say that."

I think Kalon's just a terrible human being.

Just not a nice person.

I think Kalon should go home and thank God that I didn't have a voice tonight, or else he really would have heard what I thought.

I did say it, and I did absolutely mean it.

Obviously, it was taken out of context.

I think I'm a stand-up guy, and I have my mother and my grandmother to thank for that.

I think she absolutely deserves a partner that can make her life easier.

I certainly acknowledge that I'm probably not that man.

Oh. Cool. Yep.

I can honestly say that I've never felt the amount of anger and just hurt I felt in that moment.

My heart is still racing.

I'm worried about my own judgment and how I let someone that terrible slide through the cracks and keep going.

But it also makes me worried for the guys.

Nobody said anything.

It's, like, making me wonder, like, whose back do you have?

Sorry, guys.

I just needed a minute.

That's all right.

Um, you know, I'll just be totally honest.

Um, I'm bummed out that it took this long to tell me.

To be honest with you, there are people in this room that didn't say anything about what happened yesterday because we felt like you were gonna make that decision one way or the other.

You know, it was eating me up inside to not say something, and, um, you know, I'm just glad that you have an intuition that is strong enough to really sort that out.

Well, I'm bummed out.

Yeah. That's the only thing I'm disappointed about, but, um, you know, just I want you guys to have the respect that I would hope someone would give me, and so I'm not gonna hand out the rose tonight.

I'm gonna go home and get in bed with my sweet girl.

(Men speak indistinctly)

Seeing her upset hurt--

Hurts me, and, um, I didn't feel like I needed to say anything, but now I'm regretting it.

I can handle myself all day long, but it would have been nice to have someone say something.

My dream guy-- If he heard someone say that, would be willing go fight for me and my daughter, and I don't know if I have that.

I don't know if I have someone who has my back like that.

Coming up...

I don't know if you know this, but I'm the one who was sitting there while Kalon was saying that.

I'm not feeling confident in any of my relationships thanks to Kalon.

It's like, what else am I missing?

I was shown a huge lack of respect this week.

If somebody said something bad about your girl, what would you do? (Travis) I honestly felt like I was on the hot seat.

I'd like to know that somebody has my back.

The conversation didn't go so well.

I don't know.

I'm kinda freaking out.

Emily: I have a huge decision to make tonight.

I just hope I make the right one.

(Bell tolling)

Emily: What is your favorite thing you've seen so far?

The "Brickingham" palace.

The Buckingham palace.

The Buckingham palace.

Who lives there?

The king and the--

And the dragon.

(Chuckling) No.

(Laughs) The queen lives there, goose.

And the dragon.

You're fun.

(Speaks indistinctly)

Emily: After last night, I'm feeling a little b*at up.

I'm not feeling confident at all in any of my relationships, thanks to Kalon.

Like, I left really upset about the things that were said and some of the things that weren't said.

And so I feel like my trust in all the guys have been shake--

Has been shaken.

And that's not fair to them, and it's not fair to me.

But it's just I want somebody who would be willing to fight for me and my daughter.

(Laughs) Do that again.

Today I have a date with Jef, and, um, you know, I-- He's a guy that I've been wanting to hang out with for so long.

But after last night, I'm really interest--

Not even interested.

I want to know for myself that he is who I think he is, and that he likes me, mom and all.

♪

Jef: Yesterday seems like it was a pretty emotional day for Emily, and I know when the guys came back, they told me what happened with Kalon, and so one of my goals of today is to definitely make sure that Emily is feeling okay.

And I just want to let her know that I'll be there for her and I care about her.

Hey.

Hi. How you doing?

Good. How are you?

I'm good.

You look gorgeous.

Thank you.

You're welcome. Hi.

Good to see you. Good to see you.

Good to see you, too.

(Kisses) Ohh.

I can't even tell you how I excited I am for a day with Emily.

I just want to have fun with her, relax--

No interruptions, no other guys, no group date.

It's just me and Emily spending a day together.

Like, I can't wait.

I'm so excited.

Wow. This is amazing.

Right?

Yeah.

I thought we could come to have, like, a traditional afternoon tea.

(Imitates British accent)

That sounds delightful.

Awesome.

As Jef and I walk into the Chiswick house to have afternoon tea, I'm really excited, because I have a surprise for Jef.

Hello.

Hi.

Hi.

Welcome, welcome.

Thank you.

My name is Jean broke-Smith, and you're? Emily.

Emily? Yes, ma'am.

Nice to meet you.

And you're?

I'm Jef.

Jef.

Yeah.

Very pleased to welcome you.

I'm an etiquette teacher.

Oh.

And you're going to join me for afternoon tea.

So, young man, will you look after Emily?

I will, yeah. And through you go, and I'll follow you.

Awesome.

As soon as I heard that, I started to realize, like, this one-on-one with Emily, which I'd been so looking forward to...

Jeez, this will be great.

All right. (Laughs)

Just turned into a two-on-one with Jean and Emily.

Are you going to be boss of the tea?

Uh, would you like me to?

I think I would love you to be.

I will-- I will then.

All right.

So off you go and pour.

Uh, just lift it up a little bit in case it pops over the top, so...

Oh, don't do that!

No, don't do that?

(Jef and Emily laugh)

No, no, no, no, no.

Always, always put the tea in before the milk.

And the spout should go towards the person that's the host.

So, Emily, turn it round.

And-- Okay, stop.

Sandwiches, scones, and then the cakes.

Okay. Let me give you this one.

(Laughs)

Jef: All I want to do is talk to Emily and hold her hand, but Jean is yapping our ears off about how to eat a 2-bite sandwich.

Thank you.

Sometimes we have little tongs for sandwiches.

Awesome.

Jef: I'm not used to somebody correcting me after every single thing I do on a date, and she is really, really, really, really, really thorough.

Okay. We've got the lovely scones there.

See if you can work this puzzle out.

You know, Jean's great, but I just kinda wish Jean would give us a little bit of space.

You put the jam on, which is strawberry jam, first.

Jef: I have Jean...

Jean-- I just have Jean.

I just have... Jean.

If I decide I want to go to the loo, do you know what you do with this?

Set it on the corner of the table?

No.

The seat of the chair?

On the seat. Right.

So I'll leave you two to have a little chat together.

Carry on, you two.

(Sniffles)

There's so many moving parts.

I don't know what's happening.

I know.

Yeah.

I'd just rather eat a peanut butter and jelly with the crust.

(Chuckles) Ooh!

Don't-- Don't-- I know.

Not bite-sized.

Don't break those rules.

Emily: I thought it was a really good idea, but I'm ready to get the hell out of here.

Just stick one of those cakes in my pocketbook, roll on out.

We're out of here.

Let's go.

Thanks for the lesson, Jean, but I think we'll take it from here.

How strange.

Where have they gone?

(Indistinct conversations)

Jef: Hi. (Woman) Hi, guys.

How are you?

Good. How are you?

Good.

Can we maybe get two pints and some fish and chips?

Did you know that's what I was ordering?

(Chuckles) Weird.

I was gonna order the exact same thing.

(Chuckles) Really?

Jef: Now it's us.

And this date is about us, and it's about us still having fun, but we're taking it a little bit deeper.

And I know she's had a rough night last night, and so it's really important to me that Emily knows that I think she's raising an amazing daughter, and even more importantly than that, I-I did stand up for her and I always--

I always would stand up for her.

So I don't know if you know this, but, um...

I'm the one who sitting there while Kalon was saying that.

And Kalon said basically, "she comes with a lot of baggage."

And so I just go, "okay, hold on.

"Like, do you think it's fair that you're here saying those things, and you're here possibly, like, getting her hopes up, or, like, ruining the chances with the other guys? Like, do you think that's fair?"

And he goes, "well, I just don't-- I think it's all just, like, you know-- All just stupid anyways. It's all just dumb."

And I was like, "all right, well, why don't you leave?"

And he's like, "because it's a fun adventure. My life back home was, like, pretty boring."

No (Bleep). I mean...

(Speaks indistinctly)

How boring does that guy's life have to be? Yeah.

Wow. And-- And who knows how, like-- Who knows how you'll, like, find the person you want to be with forever? Yeah.

Who know-- You have no idea.

Nobody knows, you know?

You could meet 'em at a pub.

Yeah.

So the whole Kalon thing didn't...

Spark something in your brain?

"You know what?

I'm not that down--

I hate kids, too"?

(Chuckles) All of a sudden, I-I'm going...

"I'm a terrible human being, too." "You know what?"

If Ricki's baggage, then she's...

A Chloe handbag...

Ohh.

That I want to have forever.

Vintage Louis vuitton.

Vintage Louis vuitton handbag.

Yeah. Luggage set.

Yes.

If she's baggage.

I agree.

That's a great way to put it.

I love that. Thank you.

Cheers to Ricki.

(Glasses clink)

Cheers. Thank you for that.

Emily: Going into today, I was really stressed out about the whole Kalon thing and Jef's role in it, and it made me feel really good that Jef stood up for me.

But Jef is really hard to read--

Maybe the hardest guy I've ever met to read.

I don't know what he's thinking.

I know I'm really into him.

I feel like there's a lot of physical attraction between us.

But I don't-- I don't--

I don't know about on his side.

So going into tonight, I need Jef to show me more than tell me that he's into me.

♪

So I thought that since we're in London, we could have dessert, just the two of us, in the London Eye.

Oh, that sounds amazing.

Right?

Yeah, that's cool.

♪

Jef: Walking up with Emily to the London Eye, I couldn't be more excited.

Emily and I have had a-a really fun day, and even though it got serious with this whole situation with Kalon, I feel like Emily and I took some really great steps forward.

Whoa, look at this.

So going into tonight, it just feels really good to just get away with Emily and just be above it all.

♪

(Woman on PA) Welcome to the EDF Energy London Eye.

Enjoy your vision of London.

Look at this.

I know, right?

This is amazing.

Jef: The London Eye is incredible.

I mean, you get in this giant egg-shaped thing that just has 360-degree glass views where you can just see all of London.

I mean, it's-- it's spectacular.

It's beautiful.

(Cork pops) And I can't wait to sit down with her tonight and spend more time with her, because I want to take our relationship to the next level.

What do you think--

Where do you think you'll be a year from now? Hmm...

Hopefully I'll have, like, a boyfriend, or...

(Drink pouring)

A boyfriend?

Fiance, or husband, or something.

"Something."

That'd be pretty cool.

(Laughs)

"Something."

Instead of being the always single girl.

Yeah. Cheers.

Cheers.

Cheers to not being the single girl ever again.

I know, right? (Giggles)

Emily: Today Jef made me feel great.

I mean, I had so much fun with him, and even after all the Kalon stuff and everything, like, Jef-- I really like him.

And he says he likes me and all of that, but I take things really slow, and I worry that Jef takes things even slower than I do.

I like how things are going between us, and, um, I just want you to feel open, like, talking about stuff.

Yeah.

Because, you know, I question...

If you're into me or not all the time.

Yeah. Just-- Not because you do or don't do anything.

It's just I was really upset last night... Mm-hmm.

Just feeling like that whole thing broke my confidence in this-- Mm-hmm.

All of this, really, to be honest.

And it's like...

I gave Kalon the benefit of the doubt, and I went against my better judgment... Mm-hmm.

And I kept on thinking, like, there's no way he really is that condescending and rude.

But now he was.

Yeah.

And so it's like, what else am I missing?

By the way, I'll never lie to--

If you ever ask me anything, I will never lie to you.

I get that.

Ever.

Um, I feel like telling the truth is the most important thing ever.

I'll joke around a lot, but I won't ever lie.

And I'm sorry you went through, like, a hard time, and I don't know why one person wouldn't like you.

Thank you. I really mean that, too.

Like, I don't know-- I mean--

And-and anybody who says any... about you, like, needs to come on a Ferris wheel and overlook London and have a conversation with you. (Laughs)

Thank you. Because you're really nice to everyone.

I-I've seen it, you know?

Thank you.

And one thing that really impresses me is, like, you're not afraid to tell a guy to get the... out and leave, like...

(Laughs) If he's not--

You know what I mean?

Like, I think that's so cool.

Like, I have a lot of respect for any girl who can do that, but especially you.

It took everything in my body not to go, like, take out my earrings last night and just... Just go--

Go to town-- West Virginia.

(Laughs)

Jef: Emily and my relationship is really flirty and really fun, and we have--

We have chemistry and we have--

We have a connection.

I mean, I-I think we have huge potential together.

And I feel like I need Emily to know and I want Emily to know that I'm here because I like her.

You know? And I'm beginning to like her a lot.

Like, I-I think she's--

She's one of the most amazing girls I've ever met.

This whole thing has made me think a lot, you know?

Yeah. Like, I don't really ever get, like, lost in my thoughts like I have here, which is weird. Like...

I feel like I could tell you anything.

And I-I actually don't feel like that with a lot of people.

Like, I feel like I could trust you with--

With anything I'd tell you, you know?

Yeah.

And I know the guys in the house say that I'm too young or too, you know, un-experienced to--

To get married or to be, like, in a serious relationship, but it's honestly just about finding the right person for me.

Mm-hmm.

Like, I've been ready to, like, give myself completely to somebody and, like, you know, have a family with--

That's a big thing, too, like--

Yeah.

Being single's fun, but I want to have a family.

So if all this worked out, and...

Me and a 6-year-old moved to salt lake, it wouldn't be like, "oh, man, party's over"?

Vegas-- No, the party would just begin.

Yeah? There would be s--

Dance parties all night.

Awesome. I like that.

Yeah.

You'd come home from doing whatever you're doing...

(Laughs) And me and Ricki would just be having a dance party.

(Clicks tongue) Nice.

Singing into--

I'd be old news.

S-singing into combs and brushes and--

I'd be old news. You know?

And just hang out.

That's fun.

I just want someone to, like, share the details with--

Like, come home to and hang out with, and someone who'd, you know, have my back, too.

And, uh, someone that we just, like, unconditionally love each other.

Yeah.

You know, like a best friend.

Like, I-I know you, like--

A little while ago, you were like, "do you like me just as like a friend to hang out, or do you like me?"

And, like, I think--

Uh, and both. I totally--

I like you, and I--

I would like to be best friends with you.

You know, 'cause I want to be with the person who's, like, my best friend, you know?

Like, I want something that's--

That will last forever and that I'm so sure of, and is really cool.

That's like the story of my life.

Yeah, you know?

Yeah.

And just, like, someone that you can completely trust.

And I honestly feel like we could have something really great, you know? Yeah.

I really do.

Thank you for telling me that.

You're welcome.

Jef: I've been looking forward to this one-on-one date with Emily for some time now, and it's gone great.

It's gone way better than I thought, you know?

I mean, our conversations have been awesome.

And I feel like we're in a really good place together.

And we both want the same things.

We have the same goals, and we have the same, like, outlook on life.

And most of all, I feel like there's something there.

And so I really want the rose.

And-- But more-- But more than that, I want Emily--

I-I want Emily.

I had such high expectations coming into today, and--

I mean, honestly, from like the very first night.

You are so down to earth and funny and just, like...

So chill.

And I really like how you always make me feel--

Like a lady, and very special.

So, Jef...

Would you accept this rose?

Of course.

Cool.

Emily: It has taken a little bit longer for us to feel that comfortable around each other, but it's like, after today, like, it's just so easy and so comfortable, and, um, I'm excited to see, you know, kinda what happens.

We are high.

Yeah, this is amazing.

Jef: Right now overlooking all of London--

Ot's seriously magical.

It's amazing.

And I feel like there's not a more perfect place that we could share our first kiss than this.

I had a lot of fun with you tonight.

Me, too.

And, uh...

We are now approaching the exit platform.

(Laughs)

Please wait until other guests have disembarked, and our team will assist your exit.

Jef: Our ride is coming to and end, and now the pressure's just, like, building, because it's taken me a while to do it, and now I'm, like, trying to be calm and collected.

(Speaks indistinctly) You wanna get--

Do you wanna get in this thing?

But this is definitely, definitely the most anticipated kiss of my life by-- Yeah, by far.

Um, I feel like I kind of missed out on some opportunities to kind of show you why I'm here, not just tell you.

I, like, was, like, k*lling myself for leaving without kissing you in Bermuda, and I would definitely be really bummed if I didn't take advantage of it in London while I'm here with you.

Well, thank you.

Welcome.

Emily takes my breath away.

I like the girl that she is, I like the mom that she is, I like just the person that she is, and I feel like Emily gives me the feeling that people write fairy tales about.

♪

I feel so much comfort when I look in Emily's eyes.

Like, I feel like...

I feel s-- I feel a million emotions, like a mix of seriously a million emotions.

Like, moments like this, like today, what I had with Emily, is, like, one of the best feelings I've ever had, like, in my life, period.

And I want it to last forever.

♪

If you'd like to date the next bachelor or bachelorette, go to abc.com and click apply."

I think Kalon leaving just made it more real to all of us.

She's definitely determined to find somebody here, and-- and she's serious about it.

And that was raw emotion the other night.

Sean: The vibe going into tonight's rose ceremony is serious.

After hearing about the whole Kalon incident--

And obviously he upset Emily to the point where she just wanted to end the night and didn't give anyone a rose--

I think guys are starting to realize that she's not playing around.

And so I'm sure a couple of the guys are gonna be feeling the pressure.

Hey there.

(Singsongy) Hello.

Hey!

Whoa!

How are you guys?

Good, good.

Good.

Good to see y'all.

Better now.

I've had, um, such a week.

To be honest, um, it's been full of some high highs and some low lows.

(Sighs)

I was shown a huge lack of respect this week.

I lost a lot of confidence in myself.

But I hope, and I have faith, that you guys don't share Kalon's views.

As time goes on, I know I say it every time, but the rose ceremonies--

They get really hard for all of us.

And so that's why these cocktail parties mean so much to me.

It feels really good to have a rose.

I have a feeling that tonight Emily's gonna be asking some really tough questions about the Kalon situation.

So there's a little bit of tension, and guys are on edge, feeling the pressure of needing to talk to her tonight and make a good impression on her.

Well, I have a question.

Bring it on.

So, like, just in past relationships, if somebody said something bad about your girl, what would you do?

You step up to the plate, you know?

Mm-hmm.

Y-you-- you tell 'em, you know, "I hope you're not talking about, you know, Emily." Mm-hmm.

I know that if somebody said something bad about you, like, I would have your back, no matter what. Absolutely.

And I just want to know that somebody has mine, too.

I actually felt like I was on the hot seat.

I knew that the Kalon situation would come up, but I felt like what we talked about was a lot more serious, and I didn't expect that.

It's been eating me up the last couple days, 'cause I feel about bad about it, since I'm always gonna tell you the truth, whether you like it or not.

Mm-hmm.

And I feel that... like I kind of cheated you in a way, to where I didn't tell you.

That's just why I was so bummed out the other night.

She's giving me kind of a tough time, asking why did I not stand up for her.

Tonight it's all about getting that rose, and I'm nervous.

Obviously the other night was no fun. No.

Um... this whole thing has really kind of, um...

Shook you?

Yeah.

Like just shaken my confidence in everything.

You know, I just had a lot of questions, because in that moment, like--

I don't need anybody to stand up for me.

I can fight my own battles, no problem.

Yeah. And that was clear.

But I'd like to know that somebody has my back.

Yeah.

You know?

I feel like you, of all people, like I just feel really close to you.

Okay. In that moment, though, I felt like just...

I was by myself.

Really?

Yeah!

Hell, yeah, I did.

Um, you know, I-I--

I try to concentrate so much on us, that I try not to, like, get caught up in what other people say.

Mm-hmm.

Because I-I feel like I don't want to spend the--the little, tiny bit of time we have, like, talking about other people.

But then when you directed Kalon and called him out, like, I felt like you had that thing handled.

You know what I mean?

Mm-hmm.

And that's why no one, I think spoke up.

Well, I just, um, you know, like I said, I don't even wanna talk about it anymore.

Yeah. But I just-- like, I am loyal to a fault.

And I will always have, like-- whoever I'm with, like, hopefully one day my husband, like, I will have his back, and I just wanna know that somebody has mine.

Deal, I promise.

I promise. Yeah.

I'm sorry that you had to go through that.

Every single moment we've shared together has been awesome, and now I feel like I really got caught off-guard with the questions, and the conversation didn't go so well.

It's tough, actually.

I wanna actually, like, redo the whole talk.

Well, that went horribly.

Why?

Are you serious?

That was my first bad talk I've ever had with her.

No. What happened?

She just totally was like, um, "why didn't you stick up for me with the whole Kalon situation?"

She felt bad that I didn't say anything and that when it happened, I didn't stand up for her.

Even if I don't end up with Emily, like, I respect her enough as a person, like, that I would warn her of guys, you know, for sure.

It's, like, it's not trash talking if you're caring about somebody or warning them about somebody who's actually a bad person.

You know, that's not trashing.

That's just letting her know that there are-- there's snakes in the grass kind of thing, you know? And...

Yeah, well... yeah, exactly.

Now I feel bad.

You know what I mean?

The conversation with Emily made me a little bit nervous.

She was very upset still about the whole Kalon situation, and so there could be a chance I'd go home tonight.

I don't know.

I'm kinda freaking out.

Is this not a view?

Wow.

It's been a rough week for her.

You know, everything that happened with Kalon and stuff, and, you know, I've got some plans to kind of have some fun with her tonight, you know?

Maybe make her laugh and, uh, lighten the mood.

I have to ask you to stand right here for just a moment.

Okay.

And I'll be right back.

Okay.

Just keep looking right out here, all right? Got it.

So on the Shakespeare date, I had a great time with the little acting stuff that we did and all, and I had that last scene, and I think we k*lled it.

Um, you know, but I think I have a little bit more of, uh, I've got one more performance left in me.

Leonardo DiCaprio, eat your heart out, buddy.

"But, soft!

"What light through yonder window breaks?

Is it the east, and Juliet is the sun. Arise, fair sun, and k*ll the envious moon, who is already sick and pale with grief."

All right, so basically...

(Laughs) It says that everything here is so beautiful, but yet you are far more beautiful than everything around us, and, um, I'm super excited to be here with you tonight.

Aw, thank you. So if you wait, I'll be winded when I get up there, but I'm coming again, all right?

Well, don't take your time. Hurry up.

I'm hurrying, I'm hurrying.

I don't know where I turned a corner with Ryan, but I'm mad at myself for saying that, but I found myself liking him more and more.

He's so smooth that he thinks he can get any girl, and here I am, falling for it.

So I'm gonna keep telling myself, "keep an eye on him."

You know, I do think sometimes guys get caught up in saying, "I'm not gonna be the guy to throw anyone under the bus."

At the end of the day, you say you're gonna protect your woman, you wanna protect her.

I think bottom line is she wants to know that guys are gonna protect her.

Exactly.

Sean: I really wanna talk to Emily tonight.

I wanna let her know that everything is okay, and although Kalon was a bad seed, I'm here, and I'm here for her.

How's your week been?

Um, yeah, it was-- it was great.

It started off awesome with you.

I had such a good time, and then, you know, everything happened on the group date that... just, um...

I heard.

I mean, it was awful.

I told you I will never tell you anything that I don't mean 100%.

Mm-hmm.

So just trust that.

Thank you.

There's good guys here.

Yeah.

I'm one of them.

I know that.

Promise.

You know, I kept on thinking, like, "if Sean was here, "he wouldn't have let that happen.

He would have stood up and said something."

(Chuckles)

I definitely would have.

(Giggles)

Well...

So I-- yeah, I missed you.

Missed you, too.

Hmm.

I feel like Sean--obviously, he's a big, muscley guy, and any girl would feel safe around him, but it's more just like-- he just makes me feel, like, taken care of.

I would have thrown him out on his ass for what happened.

Mm.

But I did hear you got a little feisty.

Remember when I told you--

I was like, "I like a sweet girl with just a little bit of edge," and you were like, "I don't know if I have edge."

Mm. (Chuckles) I heard--I heard some of your edge came out.

Sorry I missed that.

I know. I'm glad you did.

I do get butterflies with Sean, but it's less butterflies in my stomach, and I know this sort of sounds so cheesy, but it's more, like, in my heart.

I've never said that in my life.

I just love being around him.

Feels right.

(Clinks)

How you doing?

Hate to break it up, but, uh, Emily, if you would...

I came into tonight with a lot of questions and concerns about all the guys, and, um, the more time I spend with them, you know, my faith is renewed in each of them.

I have a huge decision to make tonight.

I just hope I make the right one.

♪

(Bell tolling)

Gentlemen, welcome to another rose ceremony.

I know you have enjoyed spending a week in one of the greatest cities in the world--London.

But this has also been a tough week.

Feelings and emotions are definitely running high.

If any of you had any questions as to how serious she's taking this, I think those questions have definitely been answered this week.

(Bell continues tolling)

Jef, Sean, the two of you have roses.

Nothing to worry about tonight.

As for the rest of you, just six roses to hand out.

One of you will be leaving us tonight.

Gentlemen, wish you all the best, and if you're ready, here's Emily.

(Bell continues tolling)

Whenever you're ready.

Thank you.

As you guys know, I came into tonight feeling confused, a little b*at up.

You all are each--

I mean, such gentlemen, and have truly made me feel so special and like such a lady.

You really did restore all my faith in all of this, because, you know, my goal at the end of all this is to hopefully walk away in love with one of y'all.

♪

Doug.

Doug, would you accept this rose?

(Whispers) Yeah, I'd like to.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Ryan.

Ryan, would you accept this rose?

I sure will.

Thank you.

Chris.

Chris, would you accept this rose?

Absolutely.

Thank you.

(Sighs)

John.

John, would you accept this rose?

Yes, ma'am.

Thank you.

Travis.

Travis, would you accept this rose?

Absolutely.

Thank you.

Emily, gentlemen, it's the final rose tonight.

When you're ready.

Thanks.

♪

Arie.

Arie, would you accept this rose?

Of course I would.

Thank you.

Alejandro, I'm sorry.

Take a moment.

Say your good-byes.

All right, boys.

(Whispers indistinctly)

(Kisses)

(Whispering) I really do.

It was really good meeting you.

You, too.

Thank you.

(Alejandro) Gosh. I mean...

I was definitely not expecting to go home tonight.

I really wasn't.

It's hard to say good-bye to her 'cause I was finally feeling like I was moving forward with her, and I came here for love and to--to really open up and--and make that a priority.

Maybe it's partly...

You know, my fault for why, I'm, you know, going home.

I didn't put myself out there enough, but I feel like she was finally starting to get to see who I was.

And it took me a little longer than most of the guys, but I wish the best for her.

She's a-- she really is an amazing girl.

It hurts.

It hurts pretty badly, and I don't wish it upon anybody, and I'm ready to find love.

I'm ready to find somebody that I can share my life with.

Unfortunately, it's not Emily.

Yeah.

Good-bye, Emily.

These nights are not fun for any of us, and, um, looking at all of you, I know that it's just gonna get harder, but I'm really excited about, um, this next week of dates.

With that, let's step back in time to one of the most beautiful and romantic medieval cities in the whole world--

Dubrovnik, Croatia.

Men: Wow!

Man: Croatia.

Cheers.

Cheers, guys.

Cheers to that.

(Clinking)

Next week on the bachelorette"...

Emily: I am so excited to be here in Croatia.

I mean, it really is like being in a different world.

Isn't that so cool?

So gorgeous.

It's like every girl's dream come true.

Chris: It's breathtaking.

I've never been to a place like this before.

Jef: I believe in my heart that I can make Emily happy.

Ryan: My goodness, look at this.

I feel like there could be, like, something really good with us.

Jef: Right now I'm crazy about this girl.

You know, I feel like I can fall in love with you.

Ryan: This girl really has what I'm looking for.

Arie: When I look at Emily, I really picture her as my wife, and I know I'm falling in love with her.

Emily: Everything is so perfect between us.

He said to us this morning that he's competing with all of us to win Emily, basically.

Yeah.

And she's the trophy.

Emily: A lot of the guys have mentioned that he is not here for me.

He's in it for, like, "the prize" of Emily.

(Doug) He's like, on a professional league of cockiness.

I have to say something to her 'cause it makes me uncomfortable.

Emily: There's just a part of me that just doesn't trust him.

(Knocks)

What's going on?

Um...

Basically...

I'm sorry.

I stand here and I start to second-guess my decisions.

Who else in there isn't all about me?

And later this season...

Emily!

Emily: I've given this my heart and soul, and if I walk away with nothing, I would be lying if I said I wouldn't be absolutely devastated.

(Both) Whoo!

Jef: I think I'd be the luckiest guy in the world to have a future with Emily, and I can see it.

Emily: I want this to work so bad.

(Laughs) That is so cool.

I see in you a lot of the things that I've always looked for.

Arie: And it's nice to finally have that point where you just know.

I believe so much in me and you, that I can--I can--

I can see myself with you for the rest of my life.

Emily: It's moments like these that remind me even more why I'm here and what I want at the end of all this.

If things keep going this way, nothing would make me happier.

I'm falling in love with more than one person, and that is really scary.

They could really get their heart broken...

(Voice breaking) And it tears my heart up inside to think that I could do that to them.

I had such a huge decision to make.

I don't know what to do.

(Crying)

(Voice breaking)

I just feel really guilty.

(Sniffling)

I'm scared of everything.

I don't wanna hurt anybody, and I don't wanna make the wrong choice.

♪

So when I was doing the monologue, you know, I thought that was, like, very old school.

I was expecting you to come with something a little bit new. Old school?

You know what I mean?

Shakespeare's totally old school.

It's like so old school.

That's like 1600s. Yeah.

I mean, this is, like, 2012 already.

Totally.

I thought we should modernize this and redo it.

Oh, yeah.

You know?

How so?

This is what I thought Romeo should say stuff.

You know? It's like...

"Hey, girl."

"Hey, girl. Holla."

"How you doin'?"

(Laughs)

"I mean, I know you're d*ad and everything, but you're looking pretty good." Yeah?

Yeah, you know, like, death's trying to keep you from me. I'm-a k*ll myself and everything, but I sure as hell hope you're worth it." (Laughs)

That was the most romantic thing I've ever heard you say.

"Girl..." "Girl..."

"I sure wanna kiss you even if you're d*ad." (Laughs)

You got the game.

That was really good.

I think Shakespeare needs to take some notes. (Laughs)