Tonight on...

Whoo!

Emily: I am so excited.

We're in Bermuda, and I am loving it.

Man: Bermuda!

I am, like, more and more impressed by you every day.

Arie: When I kiss Emily, everything else disappears.

Did you have fun today?

Yeah, I've never done that before.

Jef: It feels like something that we share together is really valuable to her.

(Popping)

Emily: I can't wait for the day that I get to come back to Bermuda with my husband.

(Air horn bl*ws)

Man: Look at her go, guys.

Man: Guys, if we hold out, we'll win it.

Man: We're gonna go on that date with Emily tonight and send the other boys packing.

att*ck, att*ck, att*ck!

Man: Whoa!

He ripped his finger off on, like, the first turn.

Holy (Bleep).

Emily: I feel like there's something that he's hiding from me.

I have bad days.

You know?

Nobody's perfect.

You're not perfect?

I don't know if there's something you're trying to hide, or... (Chuckles) What are you talking about?

Chris: I'm here for Emily, and just because of Doug, I'm in jeopardy of not getting a rose.

(Doug) Emily's making a mistake keeping Chris, and I hate that.

I wanna know why you think you're the better man.

They'll never say it to you, but I will.

You're kinda coming at me right now, and I don't know why.

Man, we had to sit there and watch you and Arie kissing.

I have a bit of a hard time with that.

Emily: I just feel like he's judging me.

Yep.

Arie: There's so many things about Ryan that are narcissistic.

I'm very good at everything I do.

I feel like I'm called to something bigger.

Man: I don't think Ryan really cares about Emily's happiness.

Emily's making a mistake.

It's all coming up tonight on...

♪

Gentlemen, come on out and join me in the courtyard, please!

Good morning, guys.

Come on in. Have a seat.

Chris!

What's up, Chris?

Gentlemen, good morning.

Men: Morning.

So let's talk about what's going on this week.

Three dates-- a one-on-one date, a group date, and a special two-on-one date.

For those of you that do not know how this works, let me explain.

There will be a rose up for grabs on the date.

The guy that gets the rose safe for the next rose ceremony.

But if you do not get a rose on this date, you'll be going home immediately.

Now you know about the dates, but where are they gonna take place?

Well, this week's gonna be a little different.

Fellas, you need to pack your bags because you'll be leaving this mansion forever.

Men: Where are we going?

Emily has already left Charlotte.

You'll be joining her on the first stop of a worldwide trip.

Fellas, you'll be spending this week with Emily on the beautiful island of Bermuda.

(Men cheering)

And the plane leaves in two hours.

So go pack your bags, get out of here, and I hope to see all of you at the next rose ceremony in Bermuda. Enjoy.

Ow!

Yeah!

Men: Bermuda!

Let's go!

♪

(Giggles) (Laughs)

I am so excited.

It's the start of my international travels with the guys.

And we're in Bermuda, and I am loving it.

Whoa!

Whoa!

Bermuda has "Emily" written all over it.

The water is so turquoise.

All the colonial houses are, like, the cutest colors, pink and yellow.

And, I mean, it's just so cute and so beautiful.

Yeah! (Giggling)

Yay!

Having Ricki here has been wonderful.

Isn't that pretty?

Yeah.

I am so happy that Ricki is gonna be with me every step of the way.

(Clink)

Oh! Good job!

When we're out on dates, she's always in the back of my mind.

You know, I'm putting a lot of pressure on myself to further connections with these guys because I want it so bad for her, too.

Hold it way up!

(Wind gusting) (Laughs)

I can't wait for the day that I get to come back to Bermuda with, you know, my husband, and maybe I'll be pregnant and pushing a baby stroller, having her feel like it's just going on family vacation and having fun.

Aah! (Laughs)

You know, like, that's fun to think about, and it could be one of these guys.

(Engines revving)

♪

(Revving continues)

Man: Bermuda!

What?!

Whoo!

Man: Bermuda, boys!

(Chanting)

Bermuda, Bermuda, Bermuda.

Sean: So we're here in Bermuda.

Beautiful place.

We pull up on scooters, and we see this five-star hotel.

It's rosewood Tucker's point, and it is gorgeous.

Aw, yeah, boys!

The ocean right there-- it's paradise.

Man: Oh... yeah!

Our suite-- it's just breathtaking...

Sweet! The most beautiful place I've ever seen.

This is gorgeous!

I definitely need to step out of the shadows this week.

We're all anxious for that date card and see what happens.

What's up, guys?

Look at this.

I need to have my name on that date card because I haven't had some of the time to hang out with Emily that some of these guys have already had.

I need that time with her.

"Arie, let's explore again."

(Laughter) I'm just joking.

No, no. Sorry.

Who is it?

"Doug..."

Oh.

Dougie!

"Let our senses lead the way.

Emily."

Whoo!

Dougie!

Dougie, Dougie!

Yeah!

(Applause) Cool.

Dougie. Fresh.

I actually didn't think I was gonna get the one-on-one.

You better take a shower then.

(Laughter)

I'm one of the only guys that hasn't had a one-on-one date, which makes me a little bummed.

This week, I'm definitely on the hot seat.

You know, I haven't really stood out to her.

It's tougher and tougher to catch up.

So but doesn't--on a one-on-one, if I don't get a rose, I go home, right?

Yeah. The pressure's on.

Worry.

I-I forgot about that whole little, like-- is it, like, real now all of a sudden?

Yeah, it's like-- yeah, this is-- if you don't do good here, you go home.

How much would it suck to come all the way to Bermuda and then have to go home?

That would suck a lot.

Doug is nervous.

I do not want Doug to get the rose.

I want Doug to go home, and I want the football team to kinda disband, and let's get down to the real stuff and not the bromance.

Yeah, I don't know what I'm gonna do, but I'm gonna go make sure all my stuff is packed.

(Wind gusting)

Chris: Something about this wind, though.

Arie: It's pretty stormy out there.

Doug, how big a deal is this for you, that you finally get that alone time with Emily?

So, you know, I-I came here, I-I-I put my entire life on hold to come down here...

I don't know. I'm coming back.

I'll--I'll see you guys tonight, hopefully.

Ah, come on, man.

Uh, you never know, man.

Like, I mean--yeah, like, I-- you never know.

You just don't know.

Dude, you gotta flip this around, bro.

(Laughs) Yeah! Yeah!

Dude, I'm not (Bleep)--

I'm not (Bleep) Being self-deprecating.

Come on, man.

I just don't (Bleep) Know what I'm gonna do.

Come on, give him a pep talk.

Give him a pep talk, Ryan.

Like, I... (Bleep) All, man.

I just don't know.

Arie: Doug is just so nervous for his date, and it's super easy to push Doug's buttons.

We just think you're building it up 'cause you're--

(Alejandro) Cocky.

(Laughter)

I'm just joking, man.

(Laughs) Doug, it's a joke.

Doug, I'm joking, man.

So now it's just becoming a big funny joke, but Doug's not really taking it that way.

I think you're--you're building it up too much in your head.

(Doug) I'm not building it up!

(Laughter)

Like...

Leave him alone! (Laughs)

Seriously.

Don't hurt me, Doug.

(Laughing) Sorry.

Doug's getting grouchy.

I'm sorry. I'm just...

Arie's sorry.

(Laughs) Sorry.

Anyone else wanna talk about it?

You seem kinda nervous.

I'm...

(Arie laughs)

(Laughs) Oh, my God.

What? Like, seriously, Arie...

I'm joking! I'm joking!

Arie, like, could you just let it go, bro?

Like, just let it go, man, seriously?

All right, I'll let it go.

(Door creaks)

(Singsongy) Knock, knock.

Hey, you! How are ya?

Hey!

There she is.

Hey, guys!

Hey, you. How are ya?

Hey! Good.

You're saving me.

You look very pretty.

Thanks. Thank you.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Are you guys having fun?

Yeah, we're having a great time.

Hey, guys.

I walk into the room to pick Doug up, and I feel tension, which is a weird vibe.

Everybody was really serious and kind of, like, on edge.

See you! Bye, guys!

Have fun!

Thank you, sir.

You're welcome.

I think Doug was a little stressed.

Can you imagine if he came over here, and she walked in?

I thought he was gonna kick my ass.

She came at the right-- right time.

I was getting ready to stop him.

Doug was like the hulk.

(Imitates the incredible hulk)

Doug angry.

Doug smash.

Doug sad.

♪

I really like it here.

I know, right?

It's very cool.

I really like Doug. He got the first impression rose.

He is so nice, and he's so good-looking.

I don't think that there's anybody else that I'd rather spend the day with than Doug.

Are we gonna go shoppin'?

Yeah.

I love it.

Austin definitely would love the lizard.

That's really cute.

I wanna get one for Ricki.

I like it.

Are we sampling?

Yeah.

You gotta try the chocolate one, too.

Doug and I have such a connection.

We get each other and we're both parents and we both have been through a lot, and it's like we've known each other for years.

I just like island towns a lot.

Me, too.

If I were to bring my boyfriend or husband on vacation, like, this is what we would do.

This is what married couples do.

They walk around town and entertain each other, and I can see doing that with Doug.

The Bermuda perfumery.

God knows not all guys like to go shopping, but Doug is up for anything, and I really appreciate that.

Actually, it's not bad.

It's actually really nice.

Mm-hmm. I like it.

I'm having so much fun.

Doug is the perfect guy for this date.

(Doug) And there are little kids, too.

He's so positive, and the conversation's easy.

I feel like I could sit and talk to him all the time. (Chuckles)

I always wonder, like, how did you get to be the way you are now?

Being a Dad.

Like, when I look at my grandpa's life-- he's, like, the best guy ever, and I'm just really proud, like, I got raised by a guy like that, and I just--when I'm gone or whatever, I want Austin to look back and just go, "I just had really, like, the best Dad ever."

And-- aw.

And we had a conversation a while ago and he's like, "Dad, one person can't change the world."

And I was like, "no, one person can."

He was like, "I don't think so.

So I kind of wanted to show him one person can.

So, uh, I started a charity not too long ago.

Of course you did.

I am, like, more and more impressed by you every day.

Superman wasn't gonna show up, so...

Doug had to.

I thought I'd do it. Yeah.

(Giggles)

Um... yeah.

Well, I really like hanging out with you, and you--you know, I've told you a million times, like, you have this most positive energy, and everything that you've told me about you, like, one of those things would've made someone just be so bitter, and you've just taken everything and...

Just smiled.

Made it into a positive.

Do you ever have a bad day?

Sometimes. Yeah, you have bad days all the time.

What happens on your bad day?

Um, like--

'cause I could never see you, like, being grumpy or short or, like...

Oh, I got grouchy.

Like, you actually walked in on me, like, getting grouchy with the boys.

Like, you know how it was kinda quiet when you walked in?

That's b-- oh!

I thought it was, like, do I have something on my face?

Like, I know you haven't seen me... like, what's-- no, I had just scolded all the boys.

You get it. You--they had the fear of God in them, so you did a good job.

I... (Laughs)

I am glad that Doug felt comfortable enough with me to tell me about what happened with the other guys.

I know that's a really stressful situation to be in, and I know what he's giving up to be here.

I got this 'cause Austin wrote me such a nice letter, I thought that we could write him back.

Oh, my God. Let's do it.

Okay.

What little kid doesn't want a postcard from their Dad?

And then for Emily to write a note?

I mean, it was really, really touching.

"Austin, you're right.

Your Dad is the best.

"Thank you for letting me borrow him.

I hope we can play Legos some time."

I like it.

That will make him very, very happy.

Good. I'm so excited.

My heart kinda melted.

It was, like, so sweet.

It was something a mom would do, which I appreciate.

So...

There is this bermudian tradition called the Moongate, that people come here on, like, their honeymoon and anniversaries and make, like, a wish.

And it's all about having luck in love and happiness, which I think is pretty cool.

Very cool.

Yeah?

You have to hold hands and you walk through it together.

All right. Um...

Okay. I got one.

Okay.

You ready?

Mm-hmm.

Okay.

So my wish was pretty simple.

Um, I just wished I won't be single forever.

If it's gonna be with Doug, I guess I'll be one step closer to figuring it out at dinner.

I can do that a hundred times.

That was awesome.

(Giggles)

We're looking for a great guy to be our next bachelor.

To nominate someone or to apply, click the casting link at abc. Com.

The group date will definitely determine the two-on-one date.

Yeah.

That's what I'm just thinking.

I think so.

Is there anybody in this room right now that wants to be on a two-on-one?

(Knock on door)

Oh, man! There it is!

We 'bout to find out!

Group date.

Raise your hand if you think you're going on a group date.

I'll take a group date.

I definitely want my name on that group date card.

(Chuckles) I do not wanna be on that two-on-one date because one of those two guys will go home.

(Door closes)

Here we go.

Moment of truth right here.

Let's set sail on the sea of love. Charlie..."

Charlie!

"Ryan..."

Yeah.

"Chris..."

Hey! (Laughs)

"Jef...

Sean..."

Ooh, Sean.

Whoop, whoop!

"Arie..."

Arie!

"Travis..."

T-money.

"And Kalon."

(Exhales deeply)

That's it.

Damn it!

Wow.

So it's myself, John, Alejandro, and Michael that are not going on a group date this week.

So two of us will be on the two-on-one.

Yeah, buddy.

Ooh.

I'm so, like, dumbfounded right now, not going on a group date.

Because the two-on-one is two men fighting over one person, things could get ugly.

And I'm not ready to go home yet.

(Thunder rumbling)

♪

Oh. Look at that.

This is pretty.

Thank you.

You're welcome.

The time that I spent with Emily today was far better than even I could've hoped for.

But if I don't get a rose tonight, I'm going home, and of course I wanna stay.

Oh, and look at what we have right out there.

There's a little rose.

Tonight, I'm really hoping I get that rose and find out if there's potential for love.

As much as I loved all of today...

Mm-hmm?

The sweetest thing...

It kinda, like-- what put me on cloud nine, was that postcard to Austin.

He's gonna get that and he's gonna be just a happy boy.

Good.

So I really appreciate it.

I'm glad you liked it, and, um, I hope he does.

Yeah, he will.

And I really am thankful that he let me borrow you.

You can borrow me for a while longer, if you'd like to.

(Laughs)

I'm all shy now. Yeah.

Aw! That's cute.

I'm having a lot of fun with Doug, but I feel like there's something that he's hiding from me.

Like he always has to give me the perfect answer.

It's kind of very similar to the way I felt around Brad.

And Brad definitely seemed so perfect.

So tonight, I really just want Doug to open up to me, because if he is like Brad, it'll be hard for me to give him a rose tonight.

I always have fun with you, and every time I talk to you, like, it's so positive.

But I feel like there's so much more to you than just being, like, a positive guy.

I feel like there's so much more to you...

Yeah.

Than just being Austin's Dad.

And I-I guess I'm just trying to, like, figure out, like, what that is.

I have bad days.

I'm a normal person.

Like, you know, nobody's perfect.

You're not perfect?

No. (Sighs)

Mnh-Mnh. Nobody is.

Pretend like I brought your ex-girlfriend here.

What would she say her biggest complaint was?

About me?

Mm-hmm.

Too much time with my son.

Even that is, like, a perfect answer.

I wanna know something, like, not perfect.

Um...

Like, what was your last argument about?

She used to get mad at me for not washing her car enough.

I'm like, I'm... (Scoffs)

What kind of girls are you dating?

'Cause I can look back on my relationships and be like, "yeah, I really know, like, his biggest complaints about me."

Okay?

W-well, I-I have.

Okay.

Like, I'm just trying to think.

Emily: I mean, like, let's be real.

I know he's probably a great guy, but I can promise you, any ex-girlfriend you have probably has more complaints than you're just too great of a Dad, and you don't clean my car enough."

I feel like Doug is trying to give me, like, the perfect answer because he doesn't want to turn me off.

But what he doesn't know is that, like, I don't want the perfect answer.

I want the honest answer.

I hear you say all these wonderful, perfect things, that, like, would be a dream to any girl, you know, including me.

So I'm like, "there's no way this guy is for real."

But, like-- that's really sweet of you, but...

No, but I'm not-- I'm not trying to be sweet. Yeah.

I'm just telling you how it is.

I could probably come up with more faults than...

Okay.

"I'm too good of a mom" and "I don't clean my boyfriend's car enough."

All right, w-what are your faults?

Oh, gosh.

Um, I'm sensitive.

I can be stubborn...

That's not a fault.

As far as, like, having my mind made up.

I think it's, like, somebody that, like, knows what they believe in.

I--these are the things that, like-- I don't work out.

Okay. Yeah?

That's not a fault.

There's some days I don't get out of my pajamas.

Sign me up.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, I go out in public.

It's not that I stay in my pajamas and just am lazy all day.

I stay in my pajamas and go out in public and run my every day errands.

Wow. This is your list of flaws?

No. I'm sure I could come up with a lot more.

Look, you asked me mine and...

I know, and now I'm realizing maybe I put you on the spot, and it's really awkward and uncomfortable.

I'm just a guy, you know?

Like, I'm not a genius but I'm not a dummy, and I'm not, like, wealthy but I'm not poor.

I'm just... Doug.

Doug asked me what my faults are, and I realized it's hard being put on the spot.

And maybe, just maybe, Doug is just that perfect of a person.

Coming into today, I knew that you were a great guy.

And I felt like you were a great Dad.

I knew every guy in the house loved you.

But there was still a lot that I didn't know about you.

And after this dinner, like, it's given me new faith that maybe there are just a very, very few...

Amount...

That's really sweet.

Of just genuinely good guys.

So, Doug...

Of course.

I've had such a great day with you.

Would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Okay.

I-I'm just Doug with a rose.

I will remember today and tonight forever.

This was the best date I've ever had.

I got the rose and I was on cloud nine, and then I started thinking about kissing Emily.

I'd really like to give Emily a kiss, but my grandfather always told me, you never kiss a girl until they let you know that they really want you to.

So I have not kissed a girl in...

Months?

Months and months?

It's been a really long time, actually.

I'm a little different from the other guys here in that I move pretty slow.

I don't ever make the first move, ever.

It was a great dinner.

Dinner was delicious.

If Emily wants a kiss from Doug, she'll let Doug know she wants a kiss.

Shall we?

♪

Coming up...

(Air horn bl*ws)

All right, here we go!

It's a lot at stake here today.

I just wanna win.

att*ck, att*ck, att*ck!

We're going on that date with Emily tonight, and we're sending the other boys packing.

Man: We cannot go back to the hotel.

Why are they so far ahead of us?

Like, where are we going right now?

I wanna know why you think that you're the better man out of the two of us for Emily.

I never said I was.

But you think you are.

Doug made a comment that really offended me.

It's making me freaking crazy.

I'm never, ever gonna stand down to you.

What do you mean by you're never gonna back down to me?

Like, you don't get my competitive juices flowing at all?

Emily's making a mistake keeping Chris.

I hate that.

Hello!

What's up?

Hey, em.

Oh, you look great today.

Hey!

I am very excited to get out of the house today and spend some time with Emily.

She looks absolutely incredible.

I mean, she always looks incredible.

There's definitely gonna be some stiff competition on the date today 'cause there is a rose at the end of the date.

The guys are definitely bringing it, but, uh, I'll be bringing it just as hard.

Well, if you guys haven't already figured out from the date card, we're gonna be doing some sailing today.

All right.

Yeah!

I'm certainly excited to h*t the high seas with Emily, cruising on the sailboat.

Some good company, some good sun--this is my element.

Men: Wow!

Emily: Isn't this pretty?

The water here is, like, so blue.

I don't know Jack squat about sailing, but I'm willing to do most anything, you know, for Emily.

So I'm gonna pick it up quickly.

Man: Sailing is all about teamwork.

We're gonna have two controlling the jib, one on the main.

The one thing that is very important is to keep an eye on the boom here.

We call it the boom because when it comes across and hits your head...

Boom! It hurts. Boom!

Arie: This is my first time on a sailboat, and I didn't know there was so much work involved.

But I'm stoked.

It's gonna be a new experience.

It feels so great to show Emily another side of me.

Are y'all feeling good?

Oh, yeah.

We're feeling really good.

All the guys seem really interested in the date, but I don't think any of the guys have any experience sailing.

I think, you know, a couple of them have had booze cruised on a sailboat before, but that does not a sailor make.

We are gonna have a Bermuda match race.

The winners get to go and spend some more time with Emily.

The losers have to go back to the hotel.

Aw!

This got extremely serious when we found out that the losers would be going back to the hotel, and the winners would spend time with Emily tonight.

But I played d1 college football.

I know what it's like to be serious and competitive, and, you know, I'll bring that out today.

Yes! Let's do this.

Let's go.

Ryan: There's a lot at stake here today.

I don't really care what team I'm on, to be honest with you.

Uh, I just wanna win.

Who you rootin' for?

Mm, everybody.

(Charlie) Who you rootin' for?

I hope y'all both make it the exact same time.

I hope they're on the water, and I hope it's rough.

I want eight of them just, like, lined up along the back of the boat, throwing their guts up.

I wish I was on that date 'cause I don't get seasick.

(Nate) I don't either.

The two-on-one date is coming.

This is definitely the most anxious I've been since I've been here, hands down.

I mean, it's big.

Somebody goes home tomorrow, and it could be me.

(Knock on door)

Uh-oh.

(Whistles)

What happened?

♪ Dun, dun, dun, dun he's nervous.

Who's it gonna be?

This is it.

I don't think I'm on it, man.

Date card, boys.

(Exhales deeply)

It's the moment of truth.

"John...

And..."

"Nate...

Let's explore this Bermuda love triangle."

There it is.

I-I hate the dynamic.

It's not how I--

(laughs) The dynamic is just awkward.

(Laughs)

Yeah.

And no one ever wants to do this.

One of us has gonna go, one of us is gonna stay.

♪

Good luck, everybody. Bye!

It's gonna be just like this, boys!

We have got to win.

Eat our wake!

We are stoked about our team.

We're going on that date with Emily tonight and we're sending the other boys packin'.

Nancys!

Hey, Nancy!

They all looked! Look at 'em.

(Travis and Sean laugh)

They were talking so much trash before the race.

Look at our workhorse!

Look at your workhorse!

(Laughter)

I had one of the most important jobs on the boat.

The biggest sail is under my control.

And Charlie's in the same position on their boat.

And I'm just like, oh, my gosh.

Like, I'm just gonna try my hardest.

Everybody does their job.

Do your job right, we win.

Whatever it takes.

(Charlie) No going home tonight.

We cannot go back to the hotel.

(Air horn bl*ws)

Here we go, guys. Do your very best, all right! Here we go!

Whoa!

Hey!

I was just waiting on a tip.

Arie: Prepare to att*ck.

Prepare to att*ck. (Man) att*ck it.

Travis: Attaboy!

Get it! Get it! Get it!

Sean and I were just killin' on our position, and Charlie was killin' on his position, and we just gave it 1,000%.

Go, go, go, go!

(Grunts)

We were on a roll.

Yeah, we were kicking ass and taking names so, uh, we could walk away with the victory and be with Emily tonight.

Come on, Charlie!

Why are they so far ahead of us?

Let's go, baby!

We weren't even looking over our shoulder.

We were pretty confident we were just gonna blow these guys out of the water.

We gotta win this damn thing, dude.

Like, where are we going right now?

What the hell are we going?

Go, go, go, go!

Ryan: att*ck! att*ck! att*ck!

Pull! Pull! Pull!

Man: att*ck it all the way, you guys.

Go! Go!

Look at this...

The red team was in front, and it was frustrating.

Communication kind of broke down.

We really had to kind of pull it together because it's really important to win time with Emily.

Whoa!

Whoa!

Oh, no!

Get it.

Holy...

To be honest, I hate watching guys compete.

Let's go, guys!

But I think it'll be good to have a smaller group tonight so I can spend more one-on-one time with each of the guys.

att*ck! att*ck! att*ck! att*ck!

att*ck! att*ck! Keep going, guys.

That was smooth.

We're starting to get that now.

We're catching up.

Right! Right! Right! Right!

Right! Right! Right! Right!

Come on! Come on! Come on!

Travis: They took the lead right there.

Aw, (Bleep).

Halfway through the match, you know, we--we had the lead, then all of a sudden, they just bust ahead of us, and we're like, "how can this be happening?"

Ha ha!

We got 'em now!

We've learned to work this thing smarter, not harder.

We're--we're working as a team, you know, and we're, uh, we're functioning really well right now.

All right, we got good communication now. Let's do it.

Go big or go home, guys.

We gotta catch these guys.

Go! Go!

There's no way they're working harder than us.

They're catching up.

What are we doing?

What the hell, man?

Arie: They're trying to go around us.

Jef: You kidding me right now?

I don't even understand this.

We're on our last turn around the far buoy...

They get ahead of us.

They sh**t out in front of us, and we are freaking out.

What we need to do?

I'm gonna cut underneath 'em.

Cut underneath.

Arie: Going into the last corner and we're behind, and we basically hang back and pull an up and under move and then, like, cut underneath them, and now we're in the lead going to the line.

Come on! Let's go!

(Man speaks indistinctly)

Come on, Charlie!

Arie: Guys, if we hold out, we'll win it.

Let's hold out. Let's win this!

Travis: Come on!

Come on, Charlie!

Come on, Charlie!

All the way up here.

Yeah.

All the way up here, guys.

Stay focused!

Stay focused. Finish, guys.

Finish.

(Speaks indistinctly)

Finish.

(Grunts)

(Speaks indistinctly)

(Air horn bl*ws)

(Cheering)

Yeah, baby!

(Cheering continues)

There's no (Bleep) Way, dude, that--that those guys won it fair and square.

I don't even want to look at 'em.

There's--I don't either.

Yeah!

(Laughs)

(Laughing) (Laughs)

Oh, wow.

When we h*t the finish line, I just felt defeat, you know.

I really did.

I mean, I wanted to make sure to bring everything I had, and I wanted to make sure that we were able to go and hang out with Emily a little bit more, but it didn't happen, and it just sucks.

Please don't make me pull anymore.

Yeah, you-- oh, hey.

(Speaks indistinctly)

He ripped his finger off on, like, the first turn. Dude.

(Speaks indistinctly)

See my fingers?

Dude. (Speaks indistinctly)

(Bleep), dude.

Ahoy!

You guys did awesome.

(Voice breaks) Damn it.

(Sniffles)

I would have given my right leg to--to pop champagne and--and spend the night with Emily, for sure.

I mean, it's-- it's important right now.

Whoo!

(Emily laughs)

Yeah! Whoo!

Really?

All right.

The guys that won--

I mean, there's some players in that group, and--and they're getting time, and I'm not, which is also kinda bothersome.

Are y'all freezin'?

Want me to get that?

Disappointed.

"Disappointed" is the word.

I know.

The yellow team wins, and I'm so happy, because, I mean, obviously I want to spend time with all of those guys, but then I look over at this poor red team.

All those guys--I mean, they just looked so tired and cold and bummed out, and it made me really sad.

It was hard for me to, like, celebrate with the yellow team, with the red team looking so sad.

All right, guys, we'll see y'all.

See y'all later.

This is the walk of shame right here.

Man: This is the worst walk of shame.

Emily: Ohh.

Man: Not.

Man: Not. (Laughs)

(Laughs)

That was (Bleep).

They're getting extra time because she's unsure of a couple of guys in that group, and she's sure that we're getting a rose already.

Ryan: It feels excellent to win.

Those guys are gonna be sulking in loss.

We're going to the after-party, and these losers are headed back to the hotel.

Yeah. (Laughs)

To Emily, guys.

(Cheering)

Coming up...

Well, it was a fun day of racing...

Yeah.

And a beautiful trophy possible wife.

Yeah. (Laughs)

(Laughs)

Hey. Ryan--I don't even know how to describe how much (Bleep)

Is behind that guy.

God designed you to be a beautiful woman, so be a beautiful woman.

I don't think Ryan really cares about Emily's happiness, because it's all about Ryan.

I'm very intentional with what I'm doing here.

I know exactly what I want.

I'm romantic, and I'm athletic, and I am a really good catch.

A chance to talk to Emily, I want it to matter to her, you know, I want--I want it to, like, mean something and not just be another time with another guy.

I didn't know what to expect coming into this... Mm-hmm.

And I really, I don't know, I really like who you are, like, and, like, I don't know, like...

(Sniffles)

Really where or I stand with you or, like, what I mean to you, or...

But when I think about you, I like you.

Yeah?

It makes me, like, want to be with you, you know? Like, I-- yeah?

Yeah.

Usually, Jef is really hard for me to read, but tonight, I feel like Jef is really starting to open up to me, and I like it.

I'm nervous to invest a lot of feelings... Mm-hmm.

But when we hang out, it's, like, the best vibe, it's so fun.

Yeah.

It's just, like, I really like hanging out with you.

It's fun.

Me, too. Me, too.

I hate how long we go in between it.

I know. I know.

It sucks, but...

It was fun, and I, like, hurt my fingers for you.

I put band-A*DS on it.

I know.

Oh, bless your heart.

Yeah.

Oh.

Yeah. Will you give it a kiss better?

But you're here. Mm. Mm.

Thank you.

But you're here.

Thanks.

So that makes me happy.

We did it.

You know, thanks for just being patient, and I know group dates aren't that much fun...

Yeah.

But just know that, like, I hope that, you know, that you, um, you know, feel close enough to me to, like, open up to me and tell me stuff and know that, you know-- that it's, like, safe with you?

Mm-hmm. Just me.

Yeah, I will. I-I will.

Yeah?

I'll get there.

Okay. Good.

Yeah.

Well, cool.

Well...

Should we go back?

Sure.

Okay, let's do it.

It's a really good feeling knowing, like, Jef likes me, and I feel like tonight he showed me he likes me, but I was really hoping Jef was gonna kiss me tonight on the beach.

He didn't, and that's fun, too, you know, waiting for it.

I feel like once you have the first kiss, it kind of takes a little bit of fun and anticipation out of all of it, so I could wait for a little while, you know?

(Emily laughs)

Travis: It's a little disappointing.

We busted our ass out there today, man, you know? (Chris) I know.

And not to mention her looking beautiful tonight.

I mean, it's just--I wanted that time tonight, too...

Mm-hmm.

You know, I needed that time to get to know her a little bit better.

It sucks in a way.

It really does. It sucks.

Yeah, big-time.

There's definitely gonna be some tensions tonight.

Yeah.

Ryan, um, was upset about, uh, Arie kissing Emily in front of all of us at the last rose ceremony.

Maybe Ryan does bring it up to her tonight, but I doubt it.

Um... Yeah, if he was smart, he probably wouldn't bring that up.

Right.

So I'm looking forward to talking to her tonight, though, and spending some time just seeing who she is and...

I've got some questions.

I know that boys are very competitive.

Especially when it comes to the affection of someone like you.

Well, thank you.

I'm very intentional in what I'm doing here, you know?

I know exactly what it is that I want.

Ryan: I feel pretty good about my chances here.

I know she's attracted to me.

I'm attracted to her.

Tonight, I really want to flirt with her a little bit and build up some excitement...

How are you?

Good. How are you?

But at the same time, I really want to share with her some of the concerns that I've had.

As the bachelorette, she's been given a great responsibility, and I-I want to see her do a lot with it.

I had a lot of coaches tell me the enemy of great is good.

Just being good is, uh, is not enough.

There's some--a lot of depth here, you know...

Mm-hmm.

To who I am, you know.

I have a very...

I guess, mature approach to relationships.

Mm-hmm.

I'm not here to impress you but to make an impression upon you, you know?

Mm-hmm.

Sometimes I feel like I-I, you know, like, you're very interesting to me.

Some of the things that come out of your mouth, I'm like...

Where in the world does that come from?

What do you mean by that?

"You ain't cheatin'.

You ain't tryin'."

"You ain't cheatin'. You ain't tryin'." There you go.

Uh,... "I'll love you, but I won't love on ya."

(Laughing)

"You best be gettin' your butt in the gym."

Well, it's kind of flirtatious, too.

(Laughs)

I like-- you've been in a gym.

I like your butt as it's been in the gym.

Do you not keep it-- well, thank you, but would you like it if I didn't go to the gym and just was chasing your children around?

I'd like that.

I could see that, too.

Yeah?

That would be acceptable?

Mm-hmm. Yes. Me and you will have some pretty children. If I gained weight, if I was chasing your kids around and I didn't have time to go to the gym...

They'd be some...

Pretty kids, don't you think?

'Cause I was changing diapers all day long?

You're not paying attention to it?

Some pretty kids. Mnh-Mnh. Mnh-Mnh.

You're trying to get out of-- from answering my question.

God designed you to be a beautiful woman, so be a beautiful woman.

You know what I mean?

(Laughs) He did.

You are unreal.

But I appreciate it.

Being flirtatious is a good thing.

I appreciate it.

Yeah.

Um, you know...

If you can't flirt, what can you do?

Yeah, I can make fun of myself better than anybody.

Oh, yeah, well, that's a good thing to know about you.

Mm-hmm.

You deserve a hard time sometimes.

I'm gonna give you a hard time.

You do give me a hard time.

Yeah. Absolutely.

You--you do.

I had a hard time the other night.

When?

At the rose ceremony.

Mm-hmm.

To who much is given, much is required.

Mm-hmm.

You know, and I feel like you've been given an amazing opportunity.

I know that you are different.

I don't feel like you're just any bachelorette.

Thank you.

Coming into this, I-I was praying not only for myself, I was praying for you, that...

You would use this opportunity to really impact tons and tons of people.

There's gonna be tons of young ladies that are gonna watch you and see how you respond to men and how you treat them and how you treat yourself and how you hold yourself you know, to a high standard.

We had to sit there and watch you and Arie kissing, you know what I mean? And...

I had a little bit of a hard time with that.

Yeah. I mean, you know, I just spent the whole day with Arie and relationships go at different speeds, and, you know, I know you guys know that I'm going out with your friend...

Yeah.

And, you know, getting to know them and all that, like, it's part of it, but to have it be thrown in your face like that, I really apologize.

Ryan tells me that he saw me kissing Arie in the hallway.

And I understand where he's coming from, but I also am like, why are you so upset about it?

Like, you kind of knew what you were getting yourself into.

I feel like there is such a double standard.

If this were the bachelor," no one would even bat an eye.

I just feel like he's judging me.

Thank you, guys, for being...

Our pleasure.

You know, once again, so patient and so cool and as you know, there is a rose on the dates.

As we've been discussing.

I know. Um...

And I always hate this part, but, um, okay.

Arie: I would love to get the rose.

I have such strong feelings for Emily, and I don't feel like anyone in the house has that connection with her, and it feels good.

Jef, would you accept this rose?

Yes. I will.

Thank you. Okay.

Jef: I am so shocked right now.

Like, I have--I completely, completely didn't expect it.

It feels amazing. It's cool.

Perfect.

It feels like something that we share together is really valuable to her.

I feel like I'm beginning to fall for Emily.

(Popping)

Man: Oh, wow.

Man: Oh, wow.

Yeah.

Let's go.

Jef got the rose, and all of a sudden, fireworks.

The moment was really romantic, but Jef has his arm around Emily, and I have to admit, it's tough.

I'm a little bit confused why I didn't get the rose.

This is amazing.

Good.

For Jef to get the rose, I think was a very safe move.

I think if she would've gave it to Arie, I would've felt a little betrayed by that.

There's a great amount of depth there between her and I.

The tongue is a double-edged sword, but I think that things communicated between us tonight are gonna help us move forward.

(Popping)

Coming up...

Whoo!

Emily: This is gonna be the worst date of my life.

I have one rose to hand out, and somebody is gonna have to go home.

The Bermuda triangle.

We're here.

Yeah.

Are we gonna get lost in it?

(Scoffs) I hope not.

I'm talking to you like a grown-ass man right now. (Laughs)

I'm never, ever gonna stand down to you.

You're kinda coming at me right now, and I don't know why.

Chris: It just makes me sick.

Because of Doug, I'm in jeopardy of not getting a rose.

It kills me.

(Chicks chirping)

Have you ever heard of baby chickens living at the beach?

Can you count how many there are?

11.

See, they're hiding under their mommy.

"Protect me, mommy, from those big people."

(Laughs)

Emily: So far, I am absolutely loving Bermuda.

That was a big kick.

(Laughs)

Ricki and I have been having so much fun, but today I have a two-on-one date with John and Nate, and all week, I've been dreading this date.

There is one rose and two guys, so obviously, that means somebody's gonna have to go home.

The date card for today said, "let's explore this Bermuda love triangle," and it makes me really sad that one of these guys is gonna get lost out at sea.

♪

Arie: Well, what is it you guys are doing again?

(Nate) We're exploring the Bermuda love triangle.

I wonder if it's gonna be competitive like yesterday.

Time will tell and we'll see-- see what she's into today.

I don't want to go compete against another guy on a date, but I do want to spend time with Emily.

I definitely have a wall up because recently I had a relationship break up, and that was tough on me, but I want that again, and I would love that to be with Emily.

I would love to feel that.

John: Today is extremely important for me.

I gotta make an impression because it's do-or-die.

I'm ready to fall in love with a woman like Emily.

I'm at the time of my life.

I'm 30 years old.

My friends are engaged, married.

Two of my best friends now have kids.

So, you know, I'm ready to find a best friend.

I'm ready to find...

I'm ready to find the woman that I'm gonna marry.

♪

Love isn't a competition, but this is a two-on-one date.

When do you ever go on a date with one girl, and there's another guy tagging along, trying to get her attention and he's trying to win?

Hey, guys.

I've got to this point based on just not screwing things up, but I've never been a fast guy out of the gates.

I've always been kind of a closer, so it gives me an opportunity to show Emily a side that she hasn't seen.

Hello, dear.

Hi!

How you doing?

Today will be the most time I've ever spent with Emily, and, you know, I don't want to go home today.

We're gonna have fun today.

You ready?

Yeah.

All right. Let's go.

I want her to see that fun, outgoing side that I have.

Right now it's the most important thing.

♪

Man: Who do you guys think is coming back?

If you had to tip one way or the other...

Man: John.

You think John's coming back?

If I had-- you think Nate's coming back?

Did you raise your hand, too?

Yes, I did.

John has more swagger to him.

Man: Yeah.

How old is Nate?

25.

Nate's 25, and John's 30.

Men: Mm-hmm.

5-year difference.

I mean, it--it makes a difference in a man's life.

There's a huge difference between a man at 21, a man at 25, and a man at 30 and 35. I mean, you're--

I disagree. Well, that's 'cause you're 25 or something that like that.

Right.

(Laughter)

But I don't think it's your age-- you haven't been 30 yet, so you don't know.

I don't think it's your age.

I think it's your experience and what you experience in life and how you grow with life.

You grow a lot. There's a lot that happens between 25 and 30--I feel.

You will be-- well, obviously you learn more the longer you live.

Yeah.

Exactly. That's-- but don't sit here and say because you're 25-- because you're 25 doesn't mean you're not ready.

I didn't say that.

She's 26. I didn't--I didn't say because he was 25.

I mean, come on. I've heard this for the past two days.

It's kinda getting ridiculous.

You know.

Well, I've heard it enough, and I don't want to hear it.

I think Doug kinda hides behind, you know, his age, saying, "well, you know, I'm 33, so I must be mature."

But deep down inside, you're really not.

You're just telling yourself that.

Maybe we should have a bunch of 40-year-olds in here, if that's the case.

Right.

(Laughter) 'Cause they might be more wise than the 30-year-olds.

(Man chuckles)

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

♪

Emily: The Bermuda triangle.

We're here.

Yeah.

Bermuda love triangle.

Yeah.

So are we gonna get lost today?

(Chuckles) I hope not.

(Laughs)

Excited.

I am going into today with a completely open mind.

I'm excited.

How about y'all?

John: Me, too.

(Nate) I'm so excited.

Yeah. Look at this view.

I'm pumped.

Emily: It's sunny.

We're in Bermuda.

The water is so perfectly turquoise.

I mean, it could not be a more beautiful day.

(Nate) So where we going?

Emily: We're gonna pull up to this small little island, and we are going to jump off some cliffs.

Oh, wow.

John: How cool is that?

It'll be fun.

(Nate) The vibe's good.

Obviously, it kinda sucks having another guy on my date...

Thank you.

But this really is about Emily and the relationship that you want to develop, and I really hope it's there.

It is high.

This is kinda high.

Yeah. Let's do it.

John: This is the perfect date for me, and then sharing it with Emily is--it's fantastic.

Y'all ready?

This could be a big jumping-off point for the both of us.

♪

Whoo!

Emily: I have really had a great day with John and Nate.

They have shown me a fun, outgoing, playful side of themselves, but tonight I have a big decision to make, and I want to see the more serious side of them and be able to make a really strong decision, because I have one rose to hand out, and I have no idea who I'm gonna give it to.

To all of us.

I'm excited to see where the rest of the day's gonna go.

And to Emily and us.

Cheers.

(Glasses clink)

Cheers. Thanks, guys.

♪

If you'd like to date the next bachelor or bachelorette, go to bachelor. Abc.Com and click apply."

(Wind whistling)

(Water dripping)

Where we going?

Right down here.

Cool.

Okay.

Wh--ooh, a cave?

Watch it.

Tonight we're going to these really cool caves here in Bermuda for dinner.

(Nate) Oh, wow.

Isn't this so cool?

John: This is the coolest thing I've ever seen.

Emily: This cave is truly one of the most amazing places I've ever seen.

Who knew Bermuda had all this going on?

Who--exactly.

But I'm really nervous, because somebody's gonna have to go home.

I'm just taking it all in.

Don't mind me back here.

I do have sympathy for John and Nate tonight.

The rose. (Whistles)

Ooh. I know.

Let's just forget about that it's even there.

Like, it's just awkward all around.

Cheers to, um, you know, a great day and hopefully a great night.

Absolutely. Cheers.

(Glasses clinking)

Cheers, guys.

Cheers.

You're really quiet in here.

(Water dripping)

Yeah. (Laughs)

That's probably what you were thinking.

Did you guys have fun today?

I had an absolute blast.

I did, too.

Yeah?

(Laughs nervously) But, um...

Is this Quinoa?

It looks like it.

It is Quinoa.

Do you guys like Quinoa?

Mm-hmm.

I never had it.

It's a-a very good fiber.

I don't think I'm gonna eat it.

I don't think we will, either.

So I think we're good.

This is a great meal, though.

We can get boxes to go if y'all are gonna be hungry later. (Men laugh)

I don't think we really wanna eat--unless you do.

(Water dripping) This is gonna be the worst date of my life.

The rose on the table is making the whole dinner so awkward.

To... a good night.

You know, let's have fun.

Cool.

(Water dripping)

It's really hard for me, and I didn't know it was gonna be that hard.

It's very cool that we're here in a cave.

I mean, granted, I'm with another guy, but...

Dude, I mean, it's fine.

(Chuckles) It's--it's cool.

The more, the merrier.

I get nervous for dates anyway, so a two-on-one date is even more awkward, even--even more pressure.

I don't want to pay too much attention to John and ignore Nate.

I don't want to pay too much attention to Nate and ignore John.

It's like I really can't focus on either one of them.

Well, Nate...

Emily.

Would you like to go...

Talk? Sure.

John, sit here.

I will sit here.

Eat your heat out.

I will sit here.

(Laughs)

Going out that way?

Ma'am.

Tonight is the night for me to step my game up.

I think it's my time to really show who I am.

I have a huge crush on Emily.

She seems to have the sweetest, sweetest soul, and I want to stand out in her eyes, because right now I don't.

I really do want to open up, and I-- tonight I think it's a big-- a big deal for me to kinda... be me.

We're gonna sit right here.

I think I'm the whole package, to be honest.

I just--

I gotta show her that-- just win her over, I guess.

I-I think that's huge right now.

Thank you.

Yeah, of course.

So tell me, did you have-- like, what were your thoughts whenever you found out you were gonna be on the two-on-one? (Sighs)

You can be honest.

Yeah, I mean, I'll be that honest.

'Cause I'd be bummed. I mean-- yeah, I mean, honestly, I was bummed...

Mm-hmm.

Um, at first.

Here you go.

Thank you.

And, uh... you know, at first I was bummed, but at the same time...

(Clears throat)

I don't think I did anything, really, to make you super interested in me.

Um... I was trying to be myself, I was trying to open up as much as possible, but I don't think I did.

Mm-hmm.

So I understand why, you know? Like, I think-- well, I wouldn't go that far.

I mean, you guys wouldn't be here unless you saw something in me.

Yeah. You guys wouldn't be here unless I saw something in you.

Mm-hmm.

You know?

So it's not that I wasn't interested.

What--what would you like for me to know about you?

Anything I don't know already.

Like, I'm really happy I'm here.

And the fact that you're here-- the--the thing is, I just really want to see something with you and I.

Yeah.

And, um, you know, ideally, you know, in my-- you know, my eyes, I see myself having like two or three kids, you know--like that's-- that's what I want. Mm-hmm.

And, um, I'm so lucky.

I have the best family in the world.

Uh, my parents have been married 30 years.

My brother's amazing.

He's, like, literally the most amazing guy I've ever met in my life.

(Chuckles)

That's cool.

Yeah.

Um... (Exhales)

Ohh!

(Voice breaking) All of my-- that's so sweet.

My friends are, like, amazing.

Ohh!

(Rubbing back) That's so sweet.

(Whispers) Cheers.

Cheers.

(Glasses clink)

(Speaks indistinctly)

Nate is very sweet. He is-- you know, seems to be very genuine and very innocent, sees what his parents have and wants that for himself, and I love that he's still so... positive and, um, has such a great outlook on love and life.

How are you?

Good. How are you?

I am... very good.

I mean, I would rather do the two-on-one than, uh, group date.

Really?

Yeah. Because...

(Clears throat) You know, if we have a connection...

Mm-hmm.

Then that's awesome.

Mm-hmm. If we don't, then I don't have to float in the middle of the pack anymore, you know? Mm-hmm.

That's kinda how I look at it.

That makes sense.

Mm-hmm.

What's wrong?

You... obviously are a little skeptical. Mm-hmm.

There's 25 guys going for one girl.

Mm-hmm.

There are very dynamic personalities.

I don't think I am the...

How can I put this?

Um...

I've never said, "hey, hey, look at me." Mm-hmm.

Like, that's just not me. I think you can understand that. But I like that about you.

Right. And I-I felt that if we can get some one-on-one time--

(inhales) You just wanted to get to know me as who I am...

Mm-hmm.

And I think we can click.

Like, I really do.

I like John's confidence.

I like that he doesn't feel like he has to be the center of attention, that he doesn't feel the need to sell himself to me, that he is who he is, good or bad.

And I like that about him.

It's good.

Everything is good.

Life is fantastic.

I have two guys here and one rose, and after talking to both guys, I--

I know what I'm gonna do.

♪

I hope that you guys, um, know that none of this has to do with who's better, who's worse.

It's just about who I feel like I'd be a good fit for, and who I think would be a good fit for me.

Um, John, you know, I always love getting to know you, and I saw a side of you that I am looking for in my everyday life.

And, Nate, I've been so excited to get to hang out with you and talk to you and-- you--you have so many qualities that I'm looking for.

But I wouldn't be being honest if I told you that I...

Saw us together forever.

(Water dripping)

(Clicks tongue) So with that...

Um, John, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Great.

Even though I feel like I'm making the right decision, it doesn't make it any easier having to look at someone and tell them that, you know, they're not for you.

I hope you know, like-- no. No, Emily, it--

I'm really glad you're, you know, honest with yourself and you're honest with me.

That's all we-- that's why we're here. Yeah.

Emily: Nate crying about missing his family was so sweet and so endearing, but at the same time, I think that Nate is still really young.

He admitted himself that he hasn't had a whole lot of life experiences, and...

(Clicks tongue) You know, that's a big part of maturity.

I'm glad you let me know, you know, so...

Get back to good things.

Well, thank you so much for being such a gentleman all the time.

You take care.

Thank you.

It's been great.

And I hope I did everything I could to, you know, let him know that it wasn't anything he did wrong.

It's not fun sending people home.

I think that Nate is so sweet, so genuine.

He was such a gentleman, and I feel bad.

Because it's never fun to hurt somebody's feelings.

I am really happy that today is over.

It was just emotionally draining, and I'm just glad to be done with it.

Coming up...

Like, I want somebody that always has my back.

I don't think Ryan really cares about Emily's happiness.

I think Ryan might go home.

Really?

I feel like I'm called to something bigger.

I wanna know why you think you're the better man.

You're kinda coming at me right now, and I don't know why.

You called me out in the house.

Chris: Just because of Doug, I'm in jeopardy of not getting the rose.

Emily: Hey, sweet girl.

I have a question.

Have you been working on your sight word list?

Yes. All of them.

Have you--

I did all of the lists, even the blue list.

Have you started on your blue list?

Yes, I did all blue list.

Let me hear.

I love having Ricki here in Bermuda with me.

She is just the light of my whole life.

"Make," "they," "the."

Awesome, Ricki!

(Laughing)

That is so awesome!

The blue list is the hardest one!

My goal is to find the guy that I really feel like it could last with.

And it can't be just right for me.

It has to be right for both of us.

Be a good listener for miss ina, okay?

Okay.

(Chuckles)

Deal?

Deal.

All right. I love you.

I love you, too.

Mwah!

I'm not looking for a boyfriend, or to get engaged and have it end again.

I want somebody for the rest of my life.

Thank you.

Bye.

Tonight is gonna be really hard on me, because I have a lot of important decisions to make.

(Wind whistling)

(Thunder rumbling)

♪

Ryan: Anticipation.

Nothing wrong with that, huh?

Travis: Nothing wrong with that, homie.

Ryan: Does anybody here feel like they're on the chopping block tonight?

Travis: I've felt like I was on the chopping block from day one.

There's not anybody that's clearly out of the picture.

There's not anybody that's safe, you know, that doesn't have a rose.

Travis: Jef, John, and Doug all have roses.

The rest of us... (Chuckles)

Really are, um, really on the bubble.

I think anybody could go home at this point.

Ryan: I would have been less confident if I hadn't had such a great conversation with her the other day.

I'm confident. Think I'm around for another week.

Arie: Ryan is definitely overly confident.

He seems to feel like they have this strong connection, but Ryan feels confident about everything, so I really feel like a lot of it is just a load of... crap.

Man: Mm.

Men: Hey!

(Emily, singsongy) Hello!

Y'all look very handsome.

As do you.

As do you.

So I hope you guys have had a wonderful week in Bermuda.

I know I definitely have.

Um, I was really bummed out about leaving Charlotte.

I felt like, you know, I had y'all on my turf.

But I have had a great time getting to know you guys, and I also want you guys to feel confident that you're getting to know me, too.

Whatever questions you guys talk about when I'm not there, just ask me.

I'll tell you the truth.

(Alejandro) Going into tonight's rose ceremony, I feel like I'm in the hot seat.

Alejandro, you wanna go talk outside?

Yeah, I would love to. Definitely.

Cool. I didn't get any type of date this week, so I haven't really had the opportunity to show her who I really am, and I gotta make sure she sees it tonight.

I haven't seen you in a little bit, but, uh...

I know. I'm sorry.

I want you to know, like, it's not because I didn't want to... I-- you know, I always love talking to you.

And I feel like time you and I spend together is always time well spent.

We definitely have something, but we haven't had that time, and I want you to know, like, if you keep me around... Good.

Like, if you give me that rose, I'm gonna absolutely let go.

Like, I'm gonna show you who I am, and I feel like I have so much passion in my life for what I do and-- no, I can see that.

I can see that...

Yeah? Just in the little time that we've spent together.

I can totally see that.

(Wind whistling)

Jef: I think Ryan might go home.

Are you serious?

Really?

I would not be shocked.

Could you-- could you imagine what that would do to his ego?

Oh, my lord.

That would throw a freaking curveball in the whole situation.

I know it.

That would be a left ball.

That's beyond a curveball.

Arie: You know, he says they had a really good conversation on their group date, but I get a feeling that when it comes to their connection, I don't really feel it's strong.

(Thunder rumbles)

Ryan: So, risk taking.

I'm trying to be more of a, you know, badass.

Badass. There you go.

Yeah.

Nothing wrong with that.

But I'm not. I'm not.

What's the biggest risk you've ever taken?

Here. Being here.

This is a big risk.

Yeah, it is.

How are you finding it so far?

I'm having the time of my life.

Mm-hmm.

I'm having so much fun.

I'm meeting a lot of great guys.

There you go touching my leg again.

Golly. I mean--I know. Sorry.

I'll keep my hands to myself.

No, that's all right.

(Giggles) (Thunderclap)

Chris: Arie?

No.

This would be a perfect time for you to just... (Whistles)

Oh, I know, right?

To rob Ryan of his moment in the sun.

Arie: I'm not a real big fan of Ryan.

I mean, there are so many things about Ryan that are narcissistic.

I don't think Ryan really cares about Emily's happiness, because it's all about Ryan.

Dude, get in there.

Get in there, Arie.

Arie: I'm protective of her because I don't want to see her hurt, and Ryan--I don't even know how to describe how much (Bleep)

Is behind that guy.

I'm--I'm interested in learning more about you.

I did a statement at the beginning...

Mm-hmm.

Saying that it's okay to ask you questions and find out, and-- mm-hmm.

And I think that it's very admirable of you that you recognize that though you're the-- you are the center of attention, that, you know, that doesn't automatically make you worthy.

So tell me why you are.

I personally feel like God has blessed me with-- in a lot of ways.

I'm romantic and I am athletic and a charming guy and all those things, so I'm really evaluating Emily, because I just don't want to fall in love with the wrong person.

I'm just doing my due diligence, I guess you could say, at this point.

Like, I want somebody that always has my back, because I know that...

Yep.

Whoever I'm with, like, I will have their back all the time.

It's loyalty.

Mm-hmm.

So you h*t on it without me even asking. That's good.

Well, good. I'm glad I passed the test.

That's really good.

Can I steal you away?

Hey. Yeah, of course.

♪

Do you mind? Do you mind?

No, that's-- that's fine, man.

I don't know.

I guess guys do see me as, you know, head of the pack, a guy that they're gonna have to b*at out.

Thank you.

Thank you. Mm.

Ryan: As they begin to feel a little bit less secure about where they stand with Emily, they're going to, I guess, lash out against me.

Sometimes, actually, I feel sorry for 'em.

(Speaks indistinctly)

You look beautiful.

Thank you.

I love this.

My connection with Emily is-- is real.

It is intense.

And, um, I feel like Ryan is definitely threatened by Emily and I's connection, and having time together is so crucial.

So I know Ryan's upset, but I want to talk to Emily.

Tell me what you really think about me.

I want to know.

This is interesting.

You know how I feel about you.

No. I want to know.

Um... I mean, I always have so much fun with you.

That's true.

And...

I have fun with you.

Mm-hmm.

I feel really comfortable around you.

And, like... honestly, like, whenever I'm out doing stuff, whether it's just, like, sitting on the porch by myself...

Yeah?

Like, you're the person that I think of.

Oh, my gosh.

Yeah.

You're making me feel so good right now.

Good. Well, I'm just being honest, you know.

I'm having fun.

♪

(Thunder rumbling)

Ryan: I'm not really worried about Emily and Arie.

I mean, she says that every time that we're around each other, that she's more and more impressed by me, so I just don't see Arie as a thr*at, to be honest with you.

I'm very sure that I am a, uh...

A really good catch, you know, and, um, I think other guys see that.

(f*re crackling)

Michael: This is a tough thing.

I was having a pretty funky week.

You know, I didn't get a date, and I was sitting inside.

It's like t*rture, 'cause you can see this beautiful ocean, and, like, everything-- and everyone's going on these dates, and it sounds amazing.

I mean, you could find the love of your life and your soul mate, and spend the rest of your life with Emily.

Emily--I like what I see in her.

I see that there's great potential.

But then again, to be very honest with you, I feel like I'm called to something... bigger.

You know?

We're all here to spend time with Emily.

But... when this whole thing is done, if it doesn't work out for me, I'm involved with the media back home.

I'm gonna say, "let's do 'bachelor Ryan.'

'bachelor Augusta.'"

(laughing)

You know what I mean?

Ryan: Emily is a very special person, but whether I end up with her, you know, or--or not, I think that this is part of the journey that I'm walking.

You know, this is the path.

Isn't it great whenever you're able to, like, use a position like this?

Ryan: I'm a good man.

I know that, you know?

I'm confident in who I am and the reasons that I make choices that I make, so if I was the bachelor, I would be ready to open my heart up, you know, and it'll be--it'll be neat for everybody to see.

I think God smiles on a man who recognizes his passions and chases his dreams.

(Thunder rumbles)

♪

(Thunder rumbles)

Man: Is it raining? (Man) Damn, it is.

Look at all that rain.

(Wind whistling)

That's some weird-ass weather.

There's always that nervous tension before a rose ceremony, when we're all sizing each other up, and true colors will start to show.

And I'd be shaking in my boots if I didn't have a rose.

Oh, it's pouring.

You wanna go inside?

Yeah.

(Speaks indistinctly)

I want to spend time with Emily tonight very badly.

Thank you.

I guess this is our spot.

Okay.

I was so bummed when we lost the sailing competition.

I wanted to spend more time with her, and it just didn't happen.

Time is of the essence, and I have to let her know everything that's on my mind.

I was so bummed out.

I just saw your sweet little face.

I was--I was bummed.

It made me so sad.

I almost got lost at sea.

(Laughs)

Well, you guys did awesome, and you looked super hot while you were doing it, so...

Oh, well, thank you.

I feel really strongly about you, and we haven't even had that, like, time, just the two of us.

I know. We need it.

And so I think that says a lot, so...

I'm looking forward to that time, because... you know.

I know.

There is some feelings here, and...

What I really want to say...

Mm-hmm.

How would Ricki handle you getting married?

I think she would be happy.

I mean, I want that for her.

That's one of my main motivations for wanting to find somebody is 'cause I want that for her.

You know?

I want more children, and, you know, I want her to have brothers and sisters.

I like chaos all the time.

I could do chaos.

(Laughs)

How about you?

I'm open to anything.

Yeah?

Okay, good. (Laughs)

Can I have a kiss?

Mm-hmm.

♪

Mmm.

Thank you.

You're welcome.

Sean: Kissing Emily only gets better and better.

I mean, each time we kiss-- it's something that I want to do all the time, and, uh, you know, I think she feels the same way.

(Thunder rumbles)

♪

I don't need to kiss Emily to make myself feel like I'm on the same field with the other guys. Sure.

And I feel like there's some of that going on in the house, that everyone's g*n for a kiss, and I don't have that insecurity and neither do you.

You don't establish a relationship built on physical-- you know, I used to think that way.

So did I.

I'm a guy. I sure thought that way.

That's when we were younger.

You know? Um, but-- wait, wait.

I shouldn't say younger."

I should say less mature." Yeah, people don't like that around here.

Yeah, dude, you can't say younger" around here.

I'm not jealous of any of these guys.

Well, Chris...

Yes?

You wanna go talk?

Please. Absolutely.

(Doug) I feel like there are some guys here, like Chris, who definitely aren't ready to be a father, and Emily's making a mistake keeping Chris around.

And I hate that.

Are we going out here...

I know-- or can we go someplace cool?

Chris: These past few days have been super hard for me, so tonight is probably the most important night that I get one-on-one time with Emily, uh, just because Doug made a comment that really offended me.

He said that being 25, I'm not ready to be a father or to be a husband, and I'm not ready to be with Emily.

So it's very important for me to tell her how I feel, and, uh, not to worry about me.

I am ready to be a husband, I'm ready to be a father, and I look forward to it.

So what's been going on with you? Tell me.

Yeah, it's tough, you know.

I mean, you get caught up in a lot of stuff in the house, and... it's, uh...

You know...

Some things here and there that upset me.

Uh-oh.

That, uh...

You know, I don't want to--

I'll just bring it up to you...

Yeah. Absolutely. 'Cause it's something that I feel strongly about.

But, uh, I've already told you, you know, I'm 25, and told you that, uh, you know, I'm behind my-- beyond my years.

Mm-hmm.

You know, you're 26, and, uh...

I just want to let you know that if someone upsets me or says something that I don't believe is true...

I like that.

I will stand up for it, and when someone says something regarding my age, and saying that I'm not ready to be here, or to be a father figure, or to be a husband, which--which I am ready for--

I am ready for--for both of those.

And I know they're very serious things, and, uh, it upsets me, you know, when someone says that, because-- is that what happened?

Is this-- yeah, it did happen, and you know what?

When I stood up to-- to who said that to me--

I've had a lot of experiences in my life, and I don't think it's how many experiences you have. Mm-hmm.

I think it's what you take out of the experience.

I tot--completely agree.

Right.

And, you know, you just kinda-- you kinda grow with it.

You know?

Mm-hmm.

Like I said, you know, I'm ready...

Chris: I was able to talk to Emily, and, uh, I said what I needed to say.

Doug believes that at the end, you know, she's gonna see that I'm 25, and, you know, there's no way I'm ready to be a father or-- or be a husband.

And I just take it as an insult.

And it just makes me sick.

You know, I'm here for Emily, and just because of Doug, I'm in jeopardy of not getting a rose at the next rose ceremony.

And it's making me freakin' crazy.

Can I steal you for a second?

Yeah.

I'm not gonna back down from him.

You know, if I believe in something, I'm gonna say it.

♪

(Thunder rumbles)

Man: Here we go.

What's going on? I just wanted to talk to you about a couple things.

I definitely think that Ryan and Doug are threatened by me.

'Cause I think I'm more ready than they are, and they're older than me.

So they should see me as a thr*at.

I'm just gonna be honest with you.

Uh, obviously we had our little run-in, and, uh, I mean, the whole age thing obviously got brought up and stuff.

I want to know why you think that you're the better man out of the two of us for Emily.

I never said I was.

But you think you are.

Man: Round two, here we go.

Chris-- it's upsetting to me, man.

Okay, Chris?

Yeah.

I think you're kinda being immature right now.

But I want--I want to-- no. No, no, no, no, no.

Yeah, I do. I-- no.

I'm talking to you like a grown-ass man right now.

All right?

(Laughs) You're making me laugh.

Do you want me to talk to somebody else about it?

You're kinda coming at me right now, and I don't know why.

I haven't done anything to you.

Why are you doing this right now?

I'm doing it because I feel like I have to do it.

Y-you... (Laughs)

Do you think this was gonna make you more comfortable around me?

I just wanna let you know, man-- let me know what?

I'm never, ever gonna stand down to you.

(Laughs) And--like, you're like, you're never gonna back down.

Like, what do you mean?

Like, you don't get my competitive juices flowing at all.

What do you mean by you're never gonna back down to me?

Like... do you feel like you have-- you need to stand up? I mean, you called me out-- you called me out in the house.

You're so...

I'm so what?

Insecure.

I'm insecure?

Yeah.

About what?

Look at the way you're getting upset right now, man.

Like, just calm down, genuinely.

I'm--I'm upset that you're-- why?

You're acting the way that you do, or-- what are you talking about?

That you're always overpowering in front of the whole group.

N-no m-- in general. Yes, you are.

They'll--they'll never say it to you, but I will.

You can think what you want to think, but everyone that knows me knows I take of everyone I can.

No-- I don't know, man. I just--

I just don't--

I don't believe you.

Believe what?

Just you in general.

Just the way you are, the way you act.

I don't know.

I don't if it's there-- there's something you're trying to hide, or--

I mean, come on, man.

You're over-the-top humble.

Over the top.

And I just don't--

I don't believe you half the time.

(Thunder rumbles)

I don't believe half the (Bleep) You say.

That's kinda something that pisses me off.

(Thunderclap)

(Clears throat)

(Clinking)

Man: Hey, look who's here.

Hey, guys.

Man: Christopher.

Hi.

You're sandwiched in there.

(Laughs) I know.

It is time for the rose ceremony...

Excuse me.

Thank you. So I hate to steal her away, but I must.

Well, um, I'm so, so glad that I was able to talk to each of you tonight.

It meant a lot to me.

I, um, genuinely do love the time that I get to spend with each of you.

And I'm so grateful for every time that you open up and put yourself out there.

I have a big decision to make tonight, and I hope you guys know that it's not one, uh, that I take lightly.

So... thank you.

Ryan: Well, boys, the moment of truth.

Man: Yep.

Man's game. Raise the bar.

I like it. Yep.

Sean: There's some tension in the air, and I think it's only gonna build.

We're definitely getting to the point where every guy that leaves is probably gonna be a surprise from this point forward.

If I want two guys to go home tonight, it'd be Doug and Ryan.

But Doug already has a rose, and, uh, I don't.

It kills me.

Absolutely destroys me.

(Thunderclap)

♪

Emily: Tonight is gonna be really hard on me.

I have two guys to send home, and I have been going back and forth in my own head thinking about what choice to make tonight, because I don't know if I feel 100% confident sending anybody home.

I just hate it.

Have a seat.

I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings.

How's it going?

It's going really well.

It's a good night. Um... yeah, it's been a good night.

But it's also a reminder that eventually I'm gonna have to send all these guys home but one.

I always have that in the back of my head, and... Yeah.

I-I think I'm gonna send a guy home, and then I talk to him, and he's so unbelievably sweet that I'm like, oh, I can't send him home.

And the same thing happens on down the line.

Is this gonna work for you this time?

I'm hopeful that it will.

I'm putting myself out there.

I am open to anything.

That's fair enough.

I could leave here with a husband, ultimate-- do you feel--do you feel like you've progressed this week?

I do. I feel like it was a good week overall.

The two-on-one took a lot out of me.

Mm-hmm.

Just physically and, you know, just emotionally-- just draining, but, um...

I'm still trying to figure out Doug.

He could very well be the most perfect man that God has ever put on this planet.

Yeah. (Chuckles)

But every--anytime I hear about any kind of argument in the house, more often than not it has to do either with Doug or Ryan.

So I think that time will tell.

Let's talk about the group date.

Um, I gave the rose to Jef.

That's two group date roses, by the way, for Jef. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

But is there any romance?

I like to think so.

But, like, we've been on two beaches, and-- just the two of us...

On a beach, hanging out... nothin'.

Maybe he's just not that into me.

(Laughing)

(Laughing)

Well, you go from Jef, who you haven't and can't kiss, to Arie, who you can't stop kissing.

(Laughs) (Chuckles)

Mm-hmm. It's true.

Look at you, giddy as a schoolgirl when I bring up Arie.

Mm-hmm.

You like this kid.

I do. I like Arie a lot.

But you didn't get time with a couple of guys...

Yeah. That I know you were thinking about, like Travis...

Mm-hmm.

Charlie.

Still not really sure.

Someone we haven't talked about much at all is Alejandro.

I don't know if he is in a position to step into being a Dad.

I know he thinks he's ready...

Mm-hmm.

But all the guys...

Mm-hmm.

If--at this point, like, I should know.

There's stuff you don't know.

Mm-hmm.

There's stuff going on back at the house, and you've lived the other side of this. Mm-hmm.

So do you worry about what's going on with the guys, what they're talking about, what the dynamic is?

I know guy talk, and it's not always pretty. Yeah. Right.

Um, and the guys-- you know, just casually in our conversations will mention, like, "yeah, some guys aren't here for you," but they will never give me any names.

But I also have that, like, sixth sense that women have, and, um, I've learned to really trust my gut.

And I feel like there are still a couple guys in the house that I'm s-- you know...

They think they're pulling one over on me.

Right. Who?

Ryan. Um...

What about Ryan?

He is... very nice, but now I'm seeing kind of like a different side of him, where he's...

A little bit manipulative.

He may think that he has me wrapped around his finger, but...

I love how candid you are.

If you ask me what I think about something, I'll tell you.

I like that.

(Clicks tongue)

I like this side of you.

(Laughs)

In all seriousness, let's talk about what you're about to do.

Mm-hmm.

Two of these guys are going home tonight.

Mm-hmm. There's several guys on the bubble.

You gotta make this decision in a matter of moments. Mm-hmm.

What are you gonna do?

I don't know. I don't know.

I get it. I mean, you're trying to be sweet.

At the same time, you're not here to be the hostess.

You're here to figure this out, and if you're not feeling it with these guys, you're not feeling it with them.

I know. I just-- it's gonna suck either way.

Yeah.

Keep 'em here another week, then send 'em home, or send 'em home now-- either way, it's not gonna be fun for any of us.

Trust me when I tell you that this is easy compared to what's coming.

I know. I'm-- I think you're putting a lot of it on yourself.

I'm a baby. I'm a baby.

I sent Joe home, and I cried.

(Chuckles) Uncontrollably.

I don't wanna hurt their feelings.

I think you know what to do.

I just think you need to sit here and convince yourself for you, for love.

This is important.

This is your life.

This is Ricki's life.

I know. Thank you.

Okay?

Huge decision tonight.

Take a look at these guys, and think about what you wanna say, and I'll see you out there.

All right.

Okay?

Thank you.

Good luck.

Thanks.

Tonight's the first night that I've really felt like all these guys like me, and they care if they're here or not.

I feel like that relationships have been formed, and they've all really put themselves out there, especially tonight, and I don't wanna be the one to have to tell them, like, "thanks, but no, thanks."

I never wanna hurt anybody, but I know what I have to do.

But it doesn't make me want to do it any more.

(Thunderclap)

Gentlemen, welcome to another rose ceremony.

Bermuda has given us an incredible backdrop this week, but more important than this exotic location is your relationship with Emily, and I know there are some serious feelings on the line.

But that just makes the decision she has to make here tonight that much tougher.

John, Jef, Doug, three of you already have roses.

Nothing to worry about tonight.

As for the rest of you, seven roses to hand out.

Two of you will be going home tonight.

I wish you all the best, and if you're ready, here's Emily.

(Footsteps approach)

Thank you.

There you are.

I can't believe how fast time has gone, and I never imagined in a million years that I'd have the feelings that I do this early on.

But it's also getting much harder because I know I have to send people home, and I hope you guys know that it's not something that I take lightly.

I wanna make the right decision, and I don't wanna send home the person that I could be meant for.

I thank each of you for opening up to me the way that you have, and you've made me feel like the most blessed girl in the whole world.

So thank you all.

♪

(Thunderclap)

Sean.

Sean, would you accept this rose?

Of course.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Arie.

(Thunder rumbling)

Arie, would you accept this rose?

Of course I will.

Thank you.

Travis.

Travis, would you accept this rose?

Absolutely.

Thank you.

Chris.

Chris, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Thank you.

Ryan.

Ryan, would you accept this rose?

I sure will.

Thank you.

Kalon.

Kalon, would you accept this rose?

It'd be my pleasure, Emily.

Thank you. Thank you.

(Giggles) (Kisses)

Emily, gentlemen, this is the final rose tonight.

When you're ready.

♪

Alejandro.

(Mouths word)

(Thunderclap)

Alejandro, would you accept this rose?

Yeah, absolutely.

Thank you. (Kisses)

(Thunder rumbles)

I'm sorry.

Charlie, Michael, take a moment.

Say your good-byes.

(Speaking indistinctly)

Hey, thank you so much.

No, thank you.

I just wanted to say thank you.

I'm so glad I met you, Emily, all right?

Thank you.

All right, thanks.

I'm disappointed.

I'm--I'm sad that I'm leaving.

I've never been in love before, but, uh, I hope that I fall in love.

I came here to see if Emily was the one for me, and, uh, it turns out she's not.

(Thunder rumbling)

I'm sorry.

Thank you so much.

Yep. See you around.

Thank you.

You know, it sucks that I'm not gonna be able to continue on with this beautiful journey that I've started, but I think this has allowed me the opportunity to-- to be more open.

You know, it's just upsetting that I was going through opening up, and, um, I left it on the line right there.

So we got through our first week of traveling, and the next city we're going to, I think it's one of the coolest cities in the world.

We are going to London.

(Men cheering)

Man: That's awesome.

Next week on the bachelorette"...

Hello, London!

Emily: I am so excited to be in London.

It's so old and so much history, and so much more beautiful than I ever could have imagined.

Buckingham Palace.

Feels like a dream.

Sean: It's safe to say that I'm falling for this girl.

Jef: The London eye.

Is incredible.

Wow, this is amazing.

Right?

I'm with this beautiful girl right here.

I'm not saying that there's love there now, but I'm hopeful.

My love! With a kiss, I shall die.

Jef: I feel like Emily gives me the feeling that people write fairy tales about.

I honestly feel like we could have something really great.

Emily: I just love being around him.

Feels right.

Yesterday, he was saying stuff that I was, you know, shocked to hear.

That was an uncalled for thing to say.

Oh, my God.

And I think you're gonna retract that statement.

Jef: I don't know really what he was thinking when he was saying those things.

Why are you here?

One of us has to tell her, and it has to be soon.

One of the guys in the house referred to Ricki as baggage.

Who?

Emily: I wanna go off and go crazy, because that's how much I love my daughter.

I'm so angry right now.

I want to go out there and rip his limbs off and b*at him with them.

How dare you.

I will protect my family until the day I die.

Do you have anything to say for yourself?

Man: Not really.

Then get the (Bleep) Out.

It's all coming up next week on...

Promotional consideration provided by Bermuda tourism.

Well, I mean, you've obviously seen me not perfect from my dance moves.

No, you were great.

No, no, no, wait.

No, seriously, they were bad.

(Crowd cheering and murmuring)

Well, since you're such the good dancer, do you mind teaching me?

Okay.

Let's go.

All right, let's see.

We could do the two-step.

The two-step?

Show me the two-step.

I don't even know how to do the two-step.

(Humming) You just...

Okay, so how do I do the two-step?

Like... You just step.

And then you just move while you step.

Okay, I just move, it doesn't really matter where I'm going.

Yeah, just move, just...

Pretend like nobody's there.

I teach Ricki this one.

The swim or the swimmer.

Yeah, yeah.

And what was the other one that we were doing. This one.

That's the swim and this is the...

This is what I always do.

I'm not wearing the right outfit, for the running man, but I promise, before this is all over I'll teach you the running man.

Good.

Deal.

Awesome.