Tonight on...

♪ Girl, you make my speakers go... ♪

Emily: I never thought in a million years that I would have the feelings that I have this early.

I have a major crush on you.

Yeah?

Yeah.

I know I could fall head over heels with one of the guys I have here.

Cheers to a beautiful girl, and thank you so much for sharing this with me.

Oh, you are so sweet.

(Laughs)

Chris: This has to be the top moment of my life.

Emily: I'm just having the best time ever.

Oh, my God.

Surprise.

Oh, my God. I could die.

Dolly Parton is unbelievable.

Arie: Emily has exceeded my expectations by 1,000%.

What are you really looking for in a guy?

That feeling that you get.

When you know, you just know.

These are my best friends.

They're very protective over me.

I want my friends to see if any of these guys would make the good job.

Holy crap.

So you can jump in and...

Absolutely.

Have you ever dated someone with a child?

Yeah.

I don't think a lot of these guys...

Are you serious?

Have you ever cheated on a girl? Don't lie.

I have no doubt that I have what it takes to be a father.

I don't want the other guys thinking they have a chance.

What's wrong?

I made the ultimate sacrifice to be here. My son, being away from him.

Compromise would be me as a Dad.

Do you see that as a compromise?

I just wanted to scream.

It's human nature to get a little jealous.

Should I be here?

Are you thinking, like, going home?

It's all coming up on the bachelorette.

Good morning, sunshine.

Good morning, mama. Thank you.

Ricki?

What?

Do you wanna come in here?

No.

And I'm so tired...

And I have to move her over...

And then she wakes up and she's like, hey, it's time to get up?

"Just go back to sleep."

(Chuckles)

♪

Chris Harrison: Gentlemen, if you would, come join me outside in the courtyard.

Fellas, come on out.

Hi.

Have a seat.

Gentlemen, good morning.

Men: Morning.

Congratulations.

Only 16 of you left here in Emily's hometown of Charlotte, north Carolina, but remember, only one of you will end up becoming her fiance, so let's talk about this week.

Three dates-- One group date and two individual dates.

Roses up for grabs on all the dates, but if you're on an individual date and you do not receive a rose, you'll be going home that night.

As for who goes on what dates, what you'll be doing, you'll find out as the date cards arrive.

I have your first one right here.

Fellas, have a good week.

Enjoy Charlotte, and I hope to see all of you at the next rose ceremony.

Man: All right.

Man: All right, boys.

You know, Emily and I, I-I feel like, have formed some type of connection, and, uh, I'm holding out hope that my name will be on that one-on-one, for sure.

Let's go.

Let's see what we got here.

"Chris..."

All right.

"Love is a steady climb.

Emily."

Here you go, buddy.

"Love is a steady climb."

Whatever it is, you know, I'm-- (Man laughs)

I'm really looking forward to it.

I'm grateful for the opportunity.

Chris: I am so excited to be on this date with Emily.

This is my time to shine.

This is my time to--

To really get to know her, and for her to get to know me.

I am not ready for this to be over at all.

If I don't get that rose tonight, I-I'll be devastated.

♪

I'm more excited than I am nervous, but I'm still a little bit nervous...

Good. Yeah.

'Cause you're so cute.

(Laughs) Thank you.

(Laughs)

Chris has been at the top of my list since night one, and I'm really happy to spend time with him.

I've never been to Charlotte before.

I think I told you that already.

Yeah.

Well, I'm excited.

The weather couldn't be better, right?

Oh, my gosh. It's perfect.

We're out walking the streets of downtown Charlotte, and I am unbelievably comfortable with Chris, especially for our first date.

I'm so excited to be here...

Yeah?

And I feel like the luckiest man in the world. (Chuckles)

Really?

That's-- Yes. Absolutely.

Thank you.

Uh-huh.

Chris is so sweet, and he's very mature, and I'm excited to get to know him...

Isn't this so cool?

Yeah. It's unbelievable.

I know, right?

But I have a little bit of a surprise.

Tonight I am making Chris work for his dinner.

I, um, want to take you to dinner...

Okay. At the place with the best view...

Awesome.

And it's this building right here.

Okay. Oh. Oh, wow.

(Laughs) Oh, wow.

There ain't no elevators, honey.

We're climbing something.

Yes.

That is amazing. (Laughs)

I know. I promise you, I'm more scared than you are.

You're scared? Yeah?

I just heard something kinda sliding down the building, and I looked, and it was some ropes, and I'm like, those must be for us, and, uh, that's when it kinda clicked in that we're gonna be climbing this building.

'Cause it's just like climbing stairs.

Uh-huh. Okay.

She looks unbelievable in a harness. (Chuckles)

I mean, I don't think anyone can wear that harness any better than she's wearing it right now.

Are you nervous?

Yeah.

Climbing a building is definitely like love.

You know, you gotta somewhere, and we're starting at the bottom.

We're gonna work our way up, and, uh, we'll end up at the top.

You know, I'm ready to get started.

I hope you don't hate me when we get to the top, because...

I'm very excited.

I'm excited to have dinner with you.

I am very excited to have dinner, too...

All right. And don't be scared.

If you're scared, just let me know. I've got your back.

Okay. I'm gonna be scared...

Okay. (Chuckles)

Just so you know. All right.

♪

(Emily, high-pitched voice)

Yikes.

(Normal voice)

This is gonna be hard.

I know.

I'd like to think that I don't need to climb a wall to impress a guy, but I want a man that stays by my side, good and bad, but still loves me past everything.

When are we gonna look down?

I'm not. I don't plan on it.

I'm nervous to have Chris see a different side of me, but I'm hoping that somewhere I can find an adventurous side and don't cry like a baby.

It's starting to get a little windy up here, huh?

I know. They said there was a storm coming.

(Thunder crashes)

(High-pitched voice)

Whoa.

That's scary. Oh, my gosh.

Holy hell.

You all right?

No! Ohh.

As we're climbing the building, you know, it was getting really windy, and you saw, like, lightning.

That was the freakiest part.

(Thunder crashes) Oh, no.

I don't like--

Are you okay?

Uh, you'll be all right.

Yeah.

This is scary.

I'll be there in a second.

Oh, my gosh.

I'll be there in a second.

Holy (Bleep).

Emily was definitely nervous.

You don't wanna look down.

(High-pitched voice) Yikes.

(Normal voice) I just want to get up to the top.

As we're climbing the building, there's a little bit of a crowd watching us, and I was just focused on her, making sure she was not too scared, and I look forward to getting to the top and sharing a moment or-- or maybe a kiss.

(Thunder crashes)

Oh, my gosh.

We are high up on this building, and I can hear thunder in the background, and I'm getting really anxious...

(Moans)

But there's nobody else that I would rather have by my side than Chris.

Are you all right?

Yeah.

'Cause you're doing a good job.

Thank you.

Woman: We love you, Emily!

(Chris and Emily chuckle)

(Crowd cheering)

All right! (Chuckles)

(Grunts and chuckles) Yay!

Emily: Chris is such a calming presence.

He is just making me feel so safe.

(Panting) Almost to the top.

If how comfortable I felt with Chris climbing up the wall is any indication to how the rest of the night is gonna go, I feel like we might be a good match.

Thanks for not ditchin' me.

I want a man that stays by my side, and Chris passed the test.

All right.

Here we are.

Yay!

We did it.

We made it.

Okay? (Chuckles)

I feel like, when you accomplish something together, and-- and, uh, you obviously have an attraction with--

For this girl, you wanna-- you wanna give her a kiss, but...

Yay! I thought we'd finish it off with a high five instead.

I didn't feel like it was the right time yet, to-- to kiss her yet.

Still, it was upsetting.

You know, I'm standing there, uh, like an idiot.

I am so happy that--

(Velcro rips)

I mean, I don't know if there are many guys... Give us a hug.

That I would've...

(Chuckles)

Gone up there for, so thank you so much.

Thank you.

I definitely want to kiss her, and I hope that opportunity will present itself, and we'll have a first kiss.

(Thunder rumbles)

To apply to be on the bachelor" or find out where you can come to one of our open casting calls, including our first ever in Honolulu, Hawaii, go to abc.Com.

Oh, this is nice.

Wow. This is unbelievable.

So far, my date with Chris has been so much fun, and Chris didn't really seem all that nervous to climb the wall.

He was very confident and just so patient.

He's just a manly man, and I really like that about him.

There is no one else that I would rather be here with.

E-every time I hang out with you, you impress me more and more.

Can I tell you something?

Please do.

If I saw you across the bar...

Mm-hmm.

I would not talk to you.

Really?

I would--

Not b-- Not... (Chuckles)

That sounded wrong.

(Chuckles)

Uh, I--

Well, I would be too nervous to talk to you.

Wow. (Chuckles)

Really?

You're very cute, and I would--

I don't think I would have had enough guts to talk to you. I don't know.

Yeah? I would definitely come up and approach you.

Really?

Yeah.

You know, typically, I'm not--I'm not a guy that--

That really approaches, you know, makes--

Makes that move, but...

Really?

When I see someone that really catches my eye, then-- then I will.

Chris: Emily is absolutely gorgeous.

She is just... perfect from head to toe, and then the accent comes out, and then I'm absolutely floored.

I really want to get that rose and maybe a first kiss.

So you're not the type of guy to go and make the first move...

No.

So...

I don't, uh--

Last relationship-- What happened?

Yeah, no, last relationship was pretty much my only one.

It was very serious, though, and, uh... Mm-hmm.

Uh, it was young love.

It was-- It started--

It was a high school love, and it lasted five, six, you know, almost six years.

Wow.

And how old are you now?

I'm 25.

(Chuckles)

I didn't know that you were 25. Wow. Okay.

Really?

Mm-hmm.

Have you told me that before?

I have.

Yeah, so...

Emily: Hearing that Chris is 25 was a little bit scary for me.

I feel like that is maybe a red flag.

He has to realize that this is a package deal, and I come with a young daughter, and it's a lot to take on.

I hope he understands that.

(Phone rings)

(Line clicks)

Hey, buddy. How's it going?

Do you miss daddy at all?

(Taylor) Yeah.

I miss my son more than anything right now.

He is such a great kid, and I want to give him everything I possibly can.

Well, I love you, buddy.

Love you, too. Bye.

But I just gotta keep thinking, you know, I could also meet my future wife, so I really need to figure out if we can, you know, find love.

(Doorbell rings)

It would be devastating if I didn't get a date this week.

Hey, you guys, I got a date card.

Are you guys ready?

Yeah.

Ready.

Let's hear it.

"Charlie, Alejandro, "Stevie, Ryan, "Alessandro, Sean, "John, Michael, "Doug, Jef, Tony, and Travis."

Man: Ohh.

"Let's play... Emily."

Man: All right.

Man: Oh.

Man: All right. (Man) All right.

What do you guys think that means?

What could that mean? It could mean competition.

It could be sports.

(Tony) Honestly, I don't care what we're doing.

I don't care who's around me.

I'm gonna make sure I get time with her and focus on her.

I feel confident that I'm gonna get that rose tomorrow on the group date.

♪

I know I'm young, you know, 25, but we're similar in age...

Mm-hmm.

But I'm, you know, I'm a man.

Chris: I am feeling nervous.

I am young, but it's absolutely important to have Emily know that I am ready and I am willing to fall in love and-- and to get married and to be a husband, to be a father, and right now I think that's probably the most important thing.

I think the things that I've been through early on in life, 'cause, you know, I left home when I was 17 to-- to go off to-- to school, it's matured me, and I think that made me grow up a lot quicker, and I know you have a little girl...

Mm-hmm.

Which is great.

You know, family comes first to me...

Mm-hmm.

And I think I'm at the right point in my life, where I've experienced a lot, and, uh, that's--

You know, I want to--

That's what I want to do.

I want to fall in love with someone and-- and be happy and start a life together.

You know, I'm--I'm here for one thing, and, uh, and that-- and that is you, and I believe there's nowhere else that I'm supposed to be than-- than right here and right now.

I definitely like Chris, even more than I thought I would.

I've always dated older guys and, um, never anyone younger than me, but he makes me feel like he's older than me, so I know in my heart that I really like him, and I have to follow my heart.

As you know, there is a rose on the date.

I saw that.

You did?

Yes.

Chris?

Yes.

Would you accept this rose?

Absolutely.

Great.

Hard to describe how I feel.

Really no-- no words that can describe what I'm feeling right now.

(Chuckles)

I remember the first night we hung out.

Uh-huh. You told me that you liked country music.

Uh-huh. One of my favorites is Luke Bryan.

All right.

(Playing drunk on you")

(Crowd cheering)

This is unreal.

Yeah.

♪ Cottonwood fallin' like snow in July ♪
♪ sunset, riverside, 4-wheel drives ♪
♪ and a taillight circle ♪

Chris: It's very magical to be able to have the opportunity to dance with Emily.

Middle of downtown Charlotte with Luke Bryan singing to us--

I couldn't have asked for anything better.

♪ Girl, you make my speakers go ♪
♪ boom, boom ♪
♪ dancin' on the tailgate in the full moon ♪
♪ that kinda thing makes a man go ♪
♪ mm-hmm ♪

Emily: This date has been incredible.

Despite learning Chris is only 25, he's still very real and very genuine and stays true to himself, and those are all things that I look for, you know, in somebody that I want to be with forever.

♪ Hey, I'm a little drunk on you ♪
♪ and high on summertime ♪

Chris: Me and Emily were dancing.

Everything was-- was so perfect, so I thought maybe it was time for a kiss, but with the respect that I have for her, I asked her.

Can I give you a kiss at the end of this song? (Laughs)

She said, "well, why don't you try, and you'll find out?"

♪

(Cheers and applause)

Chris: Kissing Emily is, like... (Chuckles)

The greatest thing I've ever experienced in my life.

(Playing do I")

♪ Baby, what are we becoming? ♪
♪ it feels just like we're always runnin' ♪
♪ rollin' through the motions every day ♪

Emily: I had such a great date with Chris, and dancing with him, I feel like it's just the two of us.

I've never had a date like this, and I'm having the best time ever.

♪ What happened to that girl I used to know? ♪

Chris: Emily definitely did capture my heart.

This has to be the top moment of-- of my life.

I can see myself falling in love with Emily.

This is the beginning of something good.

I can feel it.

♪ Do I turn you on at all ♪
♪ when I kiss you, baby? ♪
♪ does the sight of me wanting you ♪
♪ drive you crazy? ♪
♪ do I have your love? ♪
♪ am I still enough? ♪
♪ tell me, don't I? ♪
♪ or tell me, do I, baby ♪
♪ give you everything that you ever wanted? ♪

Emily: I know I could fall head over heels in love with Chris...

♪ Tell me, baby, do I get... ♪

Emily: And I hope that I end up madly in love and that it lasts forever.

♪ Baby, do I? ♪

(Cheering)

♪

Coming up...

These are my best friends.

They're very protective over me.

I want my friends to see if any of these guys could make a good Dad.

Have you ever dated somebody with a child?

Are you ready to be a Dad?

What is the worst quality about yourself?

Oh, you gotta be kidding me.

Like, train wreck.

Have you ever cheated on a girl?

Ryan: If I was the other guys, I would be concerned about seeing me spend more and more time with her.

Good to see you.

Kalon: It's human nature to get a little jealous.

It's really frustrating.

I know how hard it is.

(Tony) What comes to mind is should I be here?

Are you thinking about, like, going home?

(Crying)

(Honking)

Emily: I had so much fun last night with Chris, but today I've been looking forward to this date, just because there's a lot less pressure on me.

It's just more about just hangin' out, my everyday life.

Emily: Hey, guys.

Oh, football.

What?

Uh-oh.

Whoo!

John: Arriving at the park and walking up to Emily, she looks amazing, and she's holding a football, so I'm hoping for just a relaxed, chill day.

Yeah!

Got it.

So good to see you.

(Chuckles) Good to see you.

I've been on a one-on-one date with her, and there's something special going on between her and I, I believe, and, you know, at this point, I'm confident.

I don't worry about sharing time with anybody.

You know what you need to learn how to do? Hmm?

Just-- just in case one of these guys was ever to try to kiss you or something, you need to learn how to do a stiff-arm.

Give 'em the heisman?

Man: A little stiff-arm.

(Chuckles) Yeah?

Just like that.

Oh, honey, I practice that one a lot.

You practice that one a lot?

Ooh! I got that one down.

Okay. Did you practice that last night?

(Laughter)

Duh. Of course.

Huh?

Okay.

(Laughter)

I didn't-- I didn't want to jump her like a pack of wolves, you know, as soon as we get here.

I just wanted to say hi.

Exactly.

Yeah.

I'm not one to really assert myself.

Sean: So this is my first date.

You know, I'm not the type of guy who aggressively, uh, approaches women, but hopefully I'll get a chance today to steal some time and get to know her a little bit better.

I'm just gonna run over there real quick, and I'll be right back.

Man: All right.

Man: Cool.

So...

See ya in a minute.

It's weird that she walked away over the hill and she left all of us playing sports, and, you know, we're all kinda wondering where she went.

We were all just kinda looking at each other like, what is going on here?

Man: All right. What do you guys think we're doing for the rest of the day?

I want to spend as much time as I can with Emily, and this sucks.

Emily: All the guys seem at ease in the park.

You know, they're men.

They are used to having a football and a soccer ball and stuff like that, but that's not what we're gonna be doing today.

(Singsongy) Hello!

Hi.

Oh, hey there. Hey!

Emily: I've been talking to my girlfriends all week about all these great guys, some I'm on the fence about.

Hello.

I get to hang out with my girls.

Hey.

Hi. You look great.

Emily: In the past, my girlfriends have always tried to set me up on dates, and if I find one myself that they don't approve of, they definitely make it known.

I don't think my girlfriends have any idea that they're gonna get to meet the guys.

I found this in the paper today.

(Chuckles) Oh, no.

Woman: Oh, what did I tell you?

Woman: Oh! (Laughs)

(Laughs)

We were just, uh--

We-- I just told her that.

We were just talking about that.

"Bachelorette goes on a date in uptown."

Oh.

Look at your--

Look at the helmet.

Oh, you look cute.

Emily: My friends are, like, very protective of me.

I feel like they'll have a good grasp on who's ready and who's not ready to be a Dad.

You guys know, like, your opinion matters to me, and you guys have seen me date guys who are just not so perfect for me.

They're not-- not for you.

Not right for you.

They're not right for you.

So I'm going to put y'all's detective skills to work today...

Oh, gosh. (Laughs)

Uh-oh.

And y'all are gonna meet my boys.

Woman: No!

Ooh.

All of 'em?

Yeah.

Well, the guys that are on the date today.

I really want you guys to interview them and see which one you think will be a great Dad, so grill 'em.

You know, anything off-limits that we can't...

No.

Oh, we would love to.

We're here.

I'll be back.

Okay.

Woman: That's nice that she's asked us.

Yeah, I'm gonna ask if they've ever cheated.

We'll find out.

I know.

I just want to focus on these guys and try to figure out who's here for the right reasons.

She needs to find somebody that's gonna make her laugh and be a good Dad and be with her for the rest of her life, because that's really all that matters.

(Gasps) Look at them.

Oh...

Oh.

Oh, my God.

My God. (Laughs)

Woman: This is, uh...

(Chuckles) (Man) What is this?

Are we getting manicures?

Hmm?

I don't know.

Emily: Boys, these are my best friends, and they're all moms.

They're very protective over me.

They are here to grill you and find out who's gonna make the best Dad.

Anybody nervous?

Hey. What's up?

Man: Uh, you have no idea.

(Man chuckles) Oh. Ready.

Holy (Bleep). (Laughs)

Her friends know her better than anyone else, you know?

It's nerve-racking.

I want them to see if you guys are worthy of being my husband.

Nice.

(Laughs)

The big test.

No pressure.

(Laughs) Yeah, right.

That is--

That is a really good plan.

Yeah.

Oh, you gotta be kidding me.

Like, train wreck.

♪

These women are my best friends, and they are a tough crowd.

They're very protective over me, so I'm trying to see if any of you guys are worthy of being my husband.

Man: Nice.

(Laughs)

The big test.

No pressure.

(Alejandro)

This is high stakes right now.

There's a rose on the date today.

They are Emily's best friends, and they're gonna really help sway her decision.

If this all worked out, these would become your friends, too.

I want my friends to grill these guys to see if any of them will make a good Dad for Ricki or any future kids.

What are the things you feel like you have in common with her?

Just, like, taking my son to school, taking him to activities.

Oh.

Oh. How old's your son?

He's 5.

He's my number one priority.

Have you ever dated someone with a child?

Yeah. Yeah. I actually--

The last girlfriend I had had two.

Could you see me with Emily?

She'll think--

You need to show her that you're into her, basically.

Yeah?

You're the Dad.

Oh, you're a Dad?

Yeah.

Right, so you can see her with some of the guys over there?

When you step into a situation where there's little ones involved, I don't think a lot of these guys get it.

Serious.

It's a different deal.

You seem like a confident guy...

Yeah, that's-- So you can jump right in and be a Dad and...

Mm-hmm. Absolutely.

So are you ready to be a Dad?

Oh, absolutely.

So tell us, what's with the guy with the egg?

Travis: Hi, ladies.

Get to introduce you guys to Shelly.

Hi. So tell us-- Is it real?

Did that make you winded?

Tell us about Shelly.

No, not too bad.

Let me see it.

Oh, God! (Chuckles)

I got good hands.

What is in--

That's disgusting.

It's-- it's a true egg.

Did you fertilize it yourself?

What made you decide to-- to sign up for the show?

John: To do this?

Yeah.

To be honest, like, my girlfriend said, "you should go on 'the bachelorette'"...

You-- you have a--

You know?

You have a girlfriend now or a girl--

No, no, no.

A girl-- fr-friends that are girls.

(Laughs) (Laughs) Oh.

Are you willing to get rid of your egg, if she says so?

No.

(Laughs)

What is the worst quality about yourself?

Uh, I get--

Have you ever cheated on a girl? Don't lie.

No.

All right.

You're out of here.

It was awful. It was awful.

Horrible. (Chuckles)

How'd it go?

They put me through the ringer.

Mm.

(Chuckles) I am so sorry.

Emily: My friends are really kinda grillin' these guys.

I love that.

Here comes Jersey!

They know what I'm looking for.

I feel like they really know what questions to ask.

If you were gonna get to take her on a date tonight, what would you do?

♪

The pop.

Can you do the worm?

Oh, that's really good.

(Laughs)

That's a good worm.

We really do want to see you do some push-ups. (Laughs)

I sleep like this. I'm...

Look at him over there doing push-ups.

(Chuckles) Oh, my God.

That's a good push-up.

(Laughs)

Back it up.

(Laughs) Nice.

That was very good.

(Stevie speaks indistinctly)

...really be hard.

Ohh.

Look at you.

Hello.

Oh, my...

You are so cute.

(Laughs) Well, thank you very much.

Goodness.

When I talk to Emily's friends, I'm just gonna let them know that I'm here for the right reasons, and I believe in family, and I believe in my faith, and, uh, I'm just gonna let 'em know who I am.

Yeah? I think we may have connected on a couple of points...

Yeah, like--

Key points.

Like what?

What points?

Um, now the one thing my family has in common is we're a family that's centered on faith.

Mm. I mean, that's-- that's kinda who we are...

Mm-hmm. And-- and that's what's most important to us, and, you know, and as far as parenting, obviously, parenting would be new to me.

I don't have any kids, but, you know, my Dad has taught me how to be a man for the past 28 years.

Mm-hmm.

I'm prepared, you know?

Sean is, like, a genetic gift to...

(Chuckles) To the world, but then when you talk to him, and he talks about his family, he gets better-looking, if that's possible.

You're so cute and in shape.

I... (Laughs)

Do you work out a lot?

I mean, occasionally.

Yes, you do. Don't lie.

Yeah.

(Laughs) Uh, what would your superhero power be?

Uh, I think I'd like to fly.

(Speaks indistinctly) You'd look good in a cape.

(Chuckles) Or some spandex.

(Laughs)

Sean: Wendy-- She's kinda spicy.

She's gettin' after me a little bit.

You wanna take your shirt off for us?

We have to see what-- Seriously?

Yeah, we have to see what we're looking for.

Oh, my goodness.

Ohh.

Sean: I am not gonna be taking my shirt off today.

Not gonna happen.

(Wendy) Mm.

Man.

You are adorable.

Can I-- Can I--

Do some push-ups for us.

Oh, my. I don't know if I can do three more.

You can do it.

We need to see what Emily's getting.

This is... (Speaks indistinctly) Oh, my goodness.

Here we go.

Down low. You better get down low.

All right.

This is, like, a dream come true.

(All laugh)

(Quacks)

So I have loved getting to see how y'all reacted to my friends, and I cannot wait to find out what they think of you all, but as we all know, you can talk and talk all day long about how great you are with kids, but it's time to put your money where your mouth is.

Boys...

(bl*ws whistle)

(Children screaming and shouting indistinctly)

Yeah! (Laughs)

John: Emily bl*ws the whistle, and I look over, and here comes all these kids.

This is gonna get--

This is gonna get wild.

(Laughs)

What's up, honey?

How are ya?

(All speak indistinctly)

You wanna go play?

Let's go play.

Let's go. Let's go on the swings, sweetie.

Here. (Emily) When the kids came storming into the park, it was so awesome.

Some of the guys really had so much fun with it.

I'll race you.

We'll race. Ready?

Go.

Go. (Grunts)

They were going down the slides, playing tag, swinging on the swings.

Oh! I lost it.

Doug and Tony are both dads, so, obviously, they were great with the kids.

Guess how old I am.

30!

40.

40?

(Laughs)

Emily: Jef really surprised me.

He was going down the slides and just being really playful.

Sean is so sweet, and the kids loved him.

It's so clear to me who can talk about kids and who can really back it up.

Hold on. Only one person can go at a time... Get in line!

And this is you, okay?

Get in line.

Ryan: I love kids.

I'm able to relate to kids, and I was kinda playing with them a little bit, but, uh, at this point, I need to spend more time with Emily, getting to know her, and letting her see who I am.

What's going on?

Looking good over here.

You're crashing girl-talk.

(Laughs) I am?

Yeah.

I was just gonna try to walk by and see if I could hear anything.

Right?

(Laughs) You're very, like, put together and pretty.

(Woman laughing) Like, I mean, in a manly way.

In a manly way?

Of course, I mean...

That's something very important to me.

You could get pregnant, and you could blow up like a tick.

You never know.

As soon as I get married, it's all downhill.

Done.

(Speaks indistinctly)

Done keepin' it together.

(Laughs) (Chuckles)

Is that okay with you?

I think--

Well, no, it's not.

Have to, uh...

Hey!

(Both laugh)

Help you out on that.

Hey!

(Wendy) Oh!

It's... (Chuckles)

Wow.

No, that--

I think that you need to be your very best.

If you got fat, I would--

And-- and we were married, I would be totally okay with it.

She might like a fat guy.

Now if I-- if I-- If I just sat around... (Laughs)

Mm-hmm.

And get-- And let myself...

That would be different.

Ryan:That's different.

I-I would have a problem...

So...

If you had just got lazy and let that happen.

Okay.

I would still love you.

I just might not love on you as much.

Okay. Well, that's a good one.

(Laughs)

There'd be more of her to love.

(Laughs)

Ryan: Give me-- Give me more of you to love. Duh.

Emily: Ryan--I'm still trying to figure him out.

He's so perfect, and he always says the perfect thing, but then, like, he has the guts to tell me that I just--

Basically, I'd better not get fat after we get married, because he'd still love me, but he just wouldn't love on me.

That's not a good move.

All right. Well, we're gonna get back to girl-talk.

Y'all do girl-talk, all right? (Chuckles)

Women: Bye-bye.

Can't get fat on that one.

(Laughs) Wow.

(Laughs) So if you guys--

Go through the line.

If you had to pick somebody for me, who would you pick?

Woman: Sean.

Doug or Ryan.

Emily: Mm-hmm.

Doug.

Sean or Doug.

Emily: My friends did an unbelievable job today and gave me some really great feedback, but tonight, it's my turn to really get to know these guys on a deeper level and see, uh, what my friends saw today for myself.

Ladies, thank y'all so much for all of your help...

You're welcome.

But I have a very fun evening planned with all of my boys...

Awesome.

So...

Awesome.

Y'all ready?

Yeah.

Absolutely.

All right.

Bye, guys.

Bye, em.

Come on.

Have fun tonight.

Bye, em.

Woman: See you.

Bye, everybody.

Man: Good-bye.

Ryan: I see myself as absolute front-runner.

You know, I see some other guys there in the mix, you know, but, um, her friends liked me.

I enjoyed talking to her friends, so I'm pretty confident I'm getting a rose at this point.

That's what I'm thinking.

Well, let's go home to our boring mom lives.

(Laughs)

(Laughs) You ready?

♪

Coming up...

Emily: Poor Tony's just standing there, and I wish there was something I could do to make him feel better.

Tony? What's going on?

Nothing much.

It breaks my heart to see him so upset.

Ryan: They can sense the tension in the house.

She didn't look too happy.

Emily: It's scary for me, like, who's here for the right reasons.

I-I-I love it when you talk, but I wish you'd let me finish.

Okay.

I do like tall, skinny, and funny.

But I don't like talk, skinny, and condescending.

He's going home.

Wanna take my arm?

Yeah.

Sean: Today's date at the park was great.

You know, I got to talk to Emily's friends.

My favorite part was playing with the children.

I absolutely loved that.

Gorgeous.

Very nice.

I'm really looking forward to tonight.

Hopefully I can get to spend some one-on-one time with Emily and try to make a-a big step forward in this relationship.

Today was, like, honestly, one of my favorite, favorite dates.

I really feel like I, um, got to know you guys better.

You all were so wonderful.

So thank you guys so much, and, um, cheers.

Men: Cheers.

Man: Cheers.

Thank you.

Getting my friends' opinions on all the guys was really so great and so helpful.

Thank you, sir.

You're welcome.

Out of all the guys, Doug and Sean stood out the most, so I'm really excited to get to spend more time with them tonight.

You were awesome.

Yeah?

Made such a good impression with my friends.

Did you have fun?

I had a blast.

Yeah?

I mean, I really had a blast.

Good.

And I mean, the kids were great, but, like, your friends...

Mm-hmm.

Your friends were awesome.

Yeah, well, you told me last time we talked that you're picky.

Selective.

Okay. Selective.

I'm selective.

You say selective."

I say picky."

Okay.

To-may-to. To-mah-to.

I am selective.

And what does that mean?

I mean, I'm not gonna settle for anything less than the best, you know?

Yeah, I don't blame you.

And I-I haven't dated anyone in, like, over a year.

You know, I want someone who's confident, who knows who they are...

Mm-hmm.

And where they're going...

Mm-hmm.

But I also want someone who wants me to lead them, you know?

Yeah. Um...

I'm at that place in my life, where I want to find what my family has, what my parents have. Mm-hmm.

My Dad is so in love with my mom.

That is so cute.

They-- they still go on date nights.

Really?

Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, he still does sweet things like holds her hand and kisses her, and--

I hope you're taking notes.

I'm-- I've been taking notes for 28 years.

Good.

Like, I've got the best example to go by.

That's awesome.

Yeah.

That's really cool.

I passed the friends' test, and they approved, and I have no doubt that I have what it takes to step up and-- and be a father to Ricki, so I want the rose tonight.

I don't want the other guys thinking they even have a chance.

Your girlfriends remind me so much of all my buddies' wives.

Really?

Yeah. It was so nice.

I was like, oh, there is a real side, you know?

Yeah. And I want to get to know you beyond just, like, Dad Doug.

Yeah.

Like, I know, um, I'm a mom, but there's a lot more to me than just being a mom.

Exactly.

And I know that there's a lot more to you than just being a Dad.

Okay.

So you-- you're kind of like what's the Doug 10-minute life story now?

Yeah. Yeah.

Okay.

So my Dad was, like...

Like, the sweetest, nicest guy ever, but he had, um, epilepsy.

Mm-hmm.

And he, uh, met this lady, and it's, like, the first girl he ever dated, and she just wasn't a good person.

They got married, and my sister came and then I came and then she ended up just leaving.

So it was just my Dad raising my sister and I, and, um, he got sick, and he d*ed one night 'cause he was, like-- Didn't want to go to the doctor 'cause he didn't want to spend our grocery money.

And so we were kind of in and out of foster homes.

I remember, like, getting split up from my sister once, like, they sent us to two different foster homes.

And I remember just, like, freaking out.

Oh, my gosh.

Like, no, no. Don't.

Okay, I'll stop.

I know. No.

I'll stop telling stories.

I'm so sorry. Um...

No. No. No. Gosh, like, no, we'll, like, we'll change subjects.

No. You-- I'm just, like, so impressed by you.

That's such a testament to how you are because so many people will go through all that and just think, like, be just angry.

No. And you're, like, the least angry person I know.

My grandpa always used to say-- He's like, you know, you have bad days, you know, and you have good days.

Absolutely.

If you never had a bad day...

Mm-hmm.

You know, you'd never, like...

Appreciate the good ones.

Exactly.

Emily: Talking to Doug really made me realize, like, he has been through so much.

It's people like that that make me look at my life and make me feel so blessed.

I just see him as such an awesome Dad and just an awesome human being.

Ryan: I felt like you had a good day today.

I mean, it was, you know, emotional.

Travis: Absolutely, dude.

We were playing with kids all day.

Yeah, and I was loving it.

I was absolutely loving it.

I'm trying to be happy and positive and, you know, that's me.

That's really who I am.

It's kind of like happiness coming out, you know, but it was just tough at the same time, I mean...

Just like tearing up.

Ryan: About your son?

(Tony) Today was tough.

I miss my son every minute.

I think about him nonstop.

That's all I'm thinking about right now, and what comes to mind is should I be here?

I'm actually kind of interested to know what's going on. Um...

I don't really care what's going on on that date right now.

Chris: Yeah. I wanna see who's going on the date tomorrow.

Yeah. Yeah.

Right?

(Doorbell rings)

I wasn't invited on the group date today.

I'm just hoping that Emily has really taken enough interest in me to plan something really, really over-the-top for our date.

All right, boys.

Let's hear it.

Lay it on us, sir.

Chris: You guys ready for it?

I'm ready.

And the lucky man is...

Oh, man.

Arie.

(Claps)

I'm a race car driver, and I'm used to things moving fast.

So far, things have been moving very slow with Emily, and hopefully tomorrow, it revs things up.

"Love is a wild ride.

Emily."

It's a wild ride, well, you gotta think it's gotta have something to do with racing, right?

You can drive a stick shift?

Yeah, I can do all that. That's good.

That'd be cool. Okay. Nice. Nice.

Kalon: It's human nature to get a little jealous. Very cool.

I mean, in a perfect world, I'd get every one-on-one date card.

I want every second I can.

So it's really frustrating to have to be here and know that someone else is spending that time with her that I certainly think I deserve.

Well, I just definitely want to tell you thank you for today.

No, of course. Thank you.

Because...

I put you guys on the spot.

Yeah, but, you know, like, I'm not gonna lie, like, I needed it today.

Mm-hmm.

Last night I talked to my son, and it was, uh, it was a little tough...

Yeah.

Because, like, he was so happy and, uh, you know, he's like, he's only 5, so he's like, you know, "daddy, where are you?"

And I'm, like, "remember?

I'm in, you know, I'm in north Carolina."

And he's like, "nerf Caroline?"

(Chuckles) Aw.

"Daddy, w-when are you coming back?" And, uh, "I love you," and it was just, um...

Aw.

Oh, I know.

Yeah, I'm sorry, but, uh...

No. Oh, sweetheart, I know.

Yeah. I know. Trust me.

I-I-I know how hard it is, and, um...

Yeah.

I promise you, it's way harder on you than it is for him. (Sighs)

So many parts of your personality that I know make you a great Dad.

Oh, you're so cute.

I'm sorry.

No. You're so cute.

You know, I think everybody needs time to kind of focus on themselves.

I hope that you can, um, kind of remember that, remember, like, at the end, this all really could be worth it.

Tony is such a great guy and really has a lot of the things that I'm looking for, but it breaks my heart to see him so upset and missing his son, and I hope that he can hang in there.

Emily: Hello, boys.

How are you?

Good.

Good to see you.

Today was so wonderful.

It was awesome having my friends meet the guys, having my-- The guys meet my friends, getting my friends' approval.

Thank you.

I'm having so much fun with all these guys, and I'm learning so much about them.

I'm learning so much about myself.

I have a major crush on you.

Yeah? Yeah.

I really like hanging out with you.

Well, thank you.

I'm just having the best time ever.

So I hope these guys are doing the same.

Having a tough time?

Yeah.

You're just missing your little guy?

Yeah.

(Doug) Everyone's inside having a great time, Tony's outside.

He's really emotional.

You could see it in his eyes.

I mean, he was just hurt.

It was just getting to be more than I think he wanted to take.

Are you thinking about, like, going home?

A little?

Um...

It's crossed your mind a little?

You know, yeah, it crossed my mind, like, last night, it crossed my mind. Um...

You know, then I just thought to myself, I'm like, well, you know, I did this for a reason and, like, I should be here, and, uh...

Here's the thing about your son--

If he-- if there was anything bad about where he's at, uh, I'd be like, Tony, you gotta get out of here, 'cause I'd do the same for my son, but you're not a bad Dad for being here, and you haven't done anything wrong, a-and, like, he's 5, dude.

You know what? 5-year-olds?

They have an attention span like a hummingbird.

If you're gone nine weeks, the minute you're back, that nine weeks disappears.

(Tony) I miss my son more than anything in the world right now.

I know he's missing me, too.

I can't sleep, that my head's going, am I-- Am I doing the right thing?

Should I be here?

Should I be back with my son?

Hey, um, is Taylor still up?

You know, being away from him, it's-- it's the ultimate sacrifice, you know?

(Taylor) We played this ants game.

You did? How did you do?

Good.

Good. Do you know I miss you so much?

Yeah.

Do you know I love you?

Yeah.

Do you miss me, too?

Yeah.

(Voice breaking) I miss, uh, just tucking him in at night.

You know, um, um, pick out his favorite book and say, "all right, man, now read it.

Read it to me" and so happy and he's...

(Sniffles)

So I want to be joker and not be Batman.

No. No, I'm joker, and you're Batman.

I love my son.

He's, like, the cutest, sweetest kid ever, you know, and he's, like, "yeah, I'm playing games.

I'm having fun."

It's, like, I wish I was there with you, man.

I wish I was--

I was there with you.

(Inhales and exhales deeply)

Bye.

I love you.

You, too. Bye.

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

You know, when he's older, like, you can tell him, you know, that--

Why you did it and...

It's hard right now though.

He's like, "where's Dad?

Where'd he go?"

You know, like...

What do you tell him?

You know, Dad wants to find love?

(Crying)

He's not gonna understand that.

(Sighs)

(Sniffles)

Emily: Tony?

What's going on?

Nothing much.

You okay?

Yeah, I'm good. I'm good.

What's wrong? Here.

Come sit. Oh, nothing.

Poor Tony's just standing there, and bless his heart, like, in the little alley, just really emotional about missing his son, and I know exactly how he feels, and I wish that there was something I could do to make him feel better.

What's going on?

Um, you know, just...

Nothing, just, you know, missing my son and...

Yeah.

You know--

I can--

I know how hard it is.

Yeah, it was, uh, it was a little harder than I expected.

And then I talked to him tonight...

Yeah.

And, uh, I didn't think it would be that, like, emotional, like, it didn't touch me that way, but...

Yeah.

It did. Um...

I'm sorry you're having...

Yeah. No.

A hard time and, um, it makes me, like, think back to my time on-- With Brad and going through everything, and there were days I missed Ricki so m--

I mean, I missed her every day, obviously...

Mm-hmm.

And, um, if Brad knew...

For even a second that I wasn't his girl, like, I would have wanted him to send me home...

Yeah.

That minute.

And, um, I think you're such a great guy, and I honestly have loved getting to know you.

Mm.

And you have to know that.

But, like, seeing you so upset and knowing how that feels in your heart...

Mm-hmm.

And I know that heartbreak, like, of missing your-- your kid.

Like, that's your soul, you know...

Yeah.

And, um, I would never be able to forgive myself if I kept you longer and still-- You know what I mean? If it didn't work out.

I don't want you to ever look back and think, "why did she take me away from my son if she--"

You know what I mean?

And if I could sit here and say, like... Yeah. No, I respect that.

Totally respect that.

110%, like, it's you and me to the end...

Yeah.

I would absolutely, like, be holding on to your coattails.

Yeah.

But, um, you know, I want you to be with your son.

I know how that feels and--

Yeah, definitely.

You know, like...

Yeah.

I have no doubt that you are going to make a wonderful husband to one lucky lady one day.

Mm-hmm.

And, um, Taylor is really lucky to have you.

Thank you.

I had such high hopes for Tony, coming into tonight, 'cause he was so great with all the kids at the park...

Thank you.

Thank you.

But after hearing him be so upset about missing his son, I thought it would be best if he went home.

It's not easy for me because I never want to hurt anybody, but I know in my heart that as soon as he got home and saw his son, how happy he would be.

(Tony) I respect Emily.

Like, I thought she had every good quality that I look for in a woman.

(Sighs)

And I do want to find love, but at the same time, things are meant to be for a reason.

It's gonna be bittersweet, but I can't wait to get home to my son.

That's the number one thing in my life.

That's the number one thing I want to get home to right now.

I'm sorry that I haven't been around that much, um, tonight for some of you guys.

I talked to Tony a little bit, and a couple of you guys might know he's been, like, you know, really emotional and...

Um, yeah, like, missing his son.

And I know exactly how that feels.

And, Doug, I know you can sympathize with that.

And after talking to him and, um, just seeing, like, his heart just breaking in front of me, it broke my heart.

I thought it was best, um, for him to go home, and, you know, just out of respect for him, and especially 'cause he's a Dad.

I think Emily takes this really seriously, and she's not gonna waste any of our time.

We all completely understood.

He wanted to get back to his son, and I had a lot of respect for what she did.

I want you guys to know, like, I want you all to feel open with me.

Like, you know, I feel like I'm a pretty understanding...

You are.

...girl. And so I want you all to feel free and come talk to me.

I think Emily did the right thing by sending him home.

As sad as it is to see Tony go, I mean, let's be honest, it's one less guy, you know, kind of fighting for Emily's love.

There is a rose on today's date.

I'd really like to get the rose tonight, I think it would just be Emily saying look, I want you here, I think we're both looking for somebody to share our lives with but also somebody to be really great for our kids.

So many of you were so wonderful...

With the kids today.

I want to give the rose...

To...

John.

You backed up everything you've been saying since day one and I'm really grateful for that.

Emily gave me the rose and it felt great.

John, would you accept the rose?

Thanks.

I feel like tonight it was the first night that she really started to see who I am.

And, uh, it's-- it's amazing.

I'm anxious to see what lies ahead, and-- and I'm anxious to get to know her a lot better.

This is for the greatest girl that could possibly bring us all together.

Cheers to that.

(All) Cheers.

Man: Cheers to that, man.

Ryan: Would I love to have a rose on this date? Yes.

But I already have security.

I think if I was the other guys, I would be concerned about seeing me spend more and more time with her, because things are mounting and building up there between us, and, you know, based on the time I spent with her, it's really good, you know?

And I feel like I'm gonna be here for a long time.

Coming up...

(Whistle bl*ws)

Emily: Dollywood is definitely out of Arie's element.

Look at that. Whoo!

Arie: Emily has exceeded my expectations by 1,000%.

(Amplified voice)

Well, hello there.

Oh, my God. I could die.

(Laughs)

Emily: It's Dolly friggin' Parton.

Kalon: She can absolutely send anyone home at any time.

To share you with some of these guys is devastating.

Man: This is getting real.

Emotions are flying.

Emily: I was just more upset, like, mad.

And I just supposed to put all my trust into you?

I mean...

Arie: Today, I have my first one-on-one date with Emily, and I could not be more excited.

Today could be the start of something that could last a lifetime, or it could be a first date that goes horribly.

(Chuckles) You just don't know.

Hey!

Hello!

Emily: Hey, guys.

Hey!

There's obviously a rose on today's date, but I'm trying not to think about it too much.

I'm just trying to see if there's a connection between Emily and I, and I know if the date goes well and we have that connection and we can laugh and have fun, that the rose will come.

Have fun, guys.

You guys have a good day.

Man: Have fun, guys.

It's good to see ya.

Not too-- not too much fun.

See ya, guys. Yeah, yeah, sure.

Chris: I do not think that Arie and Emily will have the same connection that I have with Emily.

I find it hard to believe that any of these guys will have that connection, you know, any time soon.

Thank you.

I chose Arie for this date because I know he is very adventurous.

So I think today's date is gonna be perfect for him.

Arie: I have no clue where we are.

We're in Tennessee.

We're in Tennessee?

Wow. (Laughs)

This is taking dating to a whole new level.

From being picked up in the limo and going on a private plane, landing in another state...

I can't wait for what's in store for the day.

Arie: This is crazy.

I'm excited to show you where we're going next.

Arie-- He's so good-looking, but he doesn't look like the guy that tries too hard.

And he's also just super chill.

I've built Arie up in my mind so much that I really hope he doesn't disappoint me.

No pressure, Arie. (Chuckles)

Do you know where we are?

No. Where are we?

Dollywood.

(Whistle bl*wing)

♪

Dollywood is basically just like a big Southern amusement part, and everyone who knows me knows I love me some Dolly Parton.

She's like a-an icon.

Arie: This theme park is like no other theme park I've ever been to.

I didn't even know Dolly Parton was into that sort of thing.

This is so cute and country.

Emily: I grew up going to Dollywood.

My cousins and aunts and uncles live, like, not far from there.

For me, this is the happiest place on earth.

I feel like we need to win something for Ricki.

(Bell ringing)

All right. No! (Laughs)

(Man, amplified voice) Get the ring!

Oh! Darn!

Here you go.

Thank you.

Man: Aah!

Arie: Look at that.

I don't do roller coasters.

Oh, my God. No.

(Latch clicks)

I'm gonna freak out.

Here, you can hold my hand.

This is my first time ever on, like, a real...

Like, super serious roller coaster, and I'm scared to death.

Oh, my gosh. No.

(Cars clicking)

Hey, look at me.

You're fine.

Oh, my gosh.

Oh, my gosh.

You're fine. You're fine.

Mm.

Whoo!

Dollywood is definitely out of Arie's element, but Arie's being such a great sport.

I think he might have a little country in him.

Oh, cool.

Let's check it out.

I'm obviously a huge Dolly Parton fan, and so I wanna take Arie and, like, go check out, like, where she sings.

On the stage, there are two microphones and a paper that says, "write a love song."

And I am obviously not a songwriter, but I still think it'd be fun for Arie and I to just have a good time with it.

Um...

You're so cute.

(Laughs)

"Emily, thank you for inviting me."

Okay. Um...

"I'm glad I could teach you something about Dolly."

(Chuckles)

Oh, that is really good.

I'm more into spoken word.

Arie: Me, too.

(Arie and Emily chuckle)

Hey.

Oh, my God.

(Amplified voice) Well, hello there, Emily and Arie.

Oh, my God. I could die.

Oh, my God. (Laughs)

What are you doing?

You writing a song or somethin'?

Trying to.

Oh, my God. No way.

Hey, Emily. Hi.

Oh, my God.

Surprise.

I know.

Fancy seein' me at Dollywood.

It's Dolly friggin' Parton, and I could've d*ed.

Like, I could have d*ed right there. Just d*ed.

Well, I did write a song for this very occasion.

And I specifically wrote it for the two of you.

It's really about people looking for love... Oh, my God.

So you're gonna like this.

♪
♪ don't let love blind you ♪
♪ just let love find you ♪
♪ don't push and shove and mess it up ♪
♪ let cupid have his say ♪
♪ there's no need to worry ♪
♪ there's no rush, no hurry ♪
♪ just take it slow and let it grow ♪
♪ true love will find a way ♪
♪ now bachelorettes and bachelors ♪
♪ are really all the same ♪
♪ they're all looking for a way ♪
♪ to win the lovin' game ♪

I've never seen someone's face light up like that.

Emily admires Dolly Parton so much, and this is something that I know Emily and I will-- will never forget.

♪ So just relax ♪

'cause it's a fact ♪
♪ true love finds a way ♪

Yeah!

Oh, my gosh.

Oh, gosh. Thank you.

Oh!

Thank you so much.

I know what you're up to.

I know you're looking for love, and that's why I wrote that little song.

"Let's take it easy," taking it slow, that sort of thing.

In fact, I'd love to talk with you just a little bit.

A little girl talk, if you don't mind.

Arie, you think you can make yourself scarce?

(Arie laughs) That sound good?

My entire life, I have been a huge Dolly Parton fan.

She's just such a cool lady--

Like, speaks her mind and wears costumes every day.

Like, these fabulous outfits.

And she's just, like, her own person, and she makes no apologies for that.

She definitely marches to her own drum.

Like, she does not care.

I just think that's so cool about people.

I wish I could be more like that.

They said, "she's gonna be so surprised."

And I said, "surprised?

At Dollywood?"

I know. I know.

I come here...

But anyway, I'm glad you're here.

Thank you so much.

So I just know true love can last.

I've been with my husband for--

Well, we've been together 47 years, married 45.

We'll be, uh, coming up on our anniversary soon-- 46 years.

Wow.

So we've been happy.

Uh, what are you really looking for in a guy?

Um...

I think it's that feeling that you get.

When you know, you just know.

Obviously, I have a daughter, so that, um, you know, somebody who wants more kids...

Soon.

Somebody that I like just as much as I love.

Yeah, and I think that's really important.

Oh, thank you. Well, I know your story.

It's very touching.

Thank you.

So I really hope you find true love, 'cause you certainly deserve it.

Thank you so much.

It's crazy to me that Dolly Parton even knows that I exist on this plant, much less took the time to write me a song.

I'm going to sing you a-a romantic song, in case this all works out.

I wrote this about my husband that I've been with for 47 years.

(Playing from here to the moon and back")

♪ Mmm, hmm ♪
♪ I could hold out my arms ♪
♪ say "I love you this much" ♪
♪ I could tell you how long ♪
♪ I will long for your touch ♪
♪ how much and how far ♪
♪ would I go to prove ♪
♪ the depth and the breadth ♪
♪ of my love for you? ♪
♪ from here to the moon and back ♪
♪ who else in this world ♪
♪ will love you like that? ♪
♪ love everlasting, I promise you that ♪
♪ from here to the moon and back ♪

I know Emily's been through a lot, but she has such a warm little heart. I can tell.

And I know she deserves to be loved, and I would not have known this was their first date.

They really seemed into each other, 'cause I have a pretty good eye for that kinda stuff myself.

I do know that there is such a thing as love everlasting, and I really hope she finds it.

I'm sure she will.

♪ From here to the moon and... ♪
♪ back ♪
♪
♪ Mmm, hmm ♪
♪ Mmm, hmm ♪
♪ Mmm, hmm ♪

What a great day.

Such a good day.

I love Dollywood, and I still cannot believe that Dolly Parton wrote me my own song and then sang it to me.

Dolly Parton was, like...

I mean, unbelievable.

What is this? This is so cool.

This is where we're gonna have dinner.

I knew coming into this that Arie was wonderful.

I just fell in love with his personality.

He's such a great guy. And I had so much fun. I could be myself.

But I also wanna make sure that we're compatible as far as life and fundamental issues go, not just having fun and being silly.

Cheers to...

(Ice rattles)

An amazing day.

Cheers.

And a beautiful girl, and thank you so much for sharing this with me.

No, thank you.

I had a really good day.

So you told me that you dated a girl with two kids.

I-I did. Yeah.

I need to know more about that.

I was in love with her...

Mm-hmm.

And it just-- It ended up...

That we broke up, like, a year ago.

And I will be the first to admit that it was tough just because I was so attached to her two kids.

So you were close to them?

You had...

Yeah. I was, like, super close to them.

Um, the little girl at the time was 4, and the boy was 6.

And I would take them to school, and we lived together.

Wow.

I know. It was serious.

So then the whole topic of having children came up.

Like, I was ready to take that step.

I was ready. Mm-hmm.

And she was like, "I never wanna have children, you know?

I think this is--

I'm-- I'm good."

And then it was like, "oh, you remind me too much of my ex-husband because of racing," and it just kind of blew up, you know?

Yeah.

And it was just sad because I really missed her kids all the time.

Yeah.

And that was, like, the hardest part. Oh.

So enough about me.

Okay.

I know that you said that you found love in this process before. Mm-hmm.

And I know that after this is all over...

Mm-hmm.

Is what's really important.

Yeah.

And is that, like, sort of...

When you realized things didn't work? Or...

I don't know if Brad was quite ready for, um, you know, marriage and babies and everything as much as he thought he was.

Yeah.

I think every guy will say, "well, I think I'm ready."

You know what I mean?

Mm-hmm.

And it's hard to really determine when you're actually ready and--

And do you think you are?

Yeah, I'm definitely ready.

Why? I have-- Because I think I was in that place before.

Like, I was ready to take that step, and the relationship didn't work out.

Mm-hmm.

But through all that, I-I kind of learned what it is to be ready.

And I know how hard it can be...

Mm-hmm.

To be doing this all by yourself.

Like, I feel like I don't have a lot of talent, but I do feel like I'm a good mom.

And that's why I'm, like, so protective over Ricki.

Yeah.

And, uh, you know, she's, like, my whole life.

Like...

That's why I was afraid initially when I came on-- Onto this.

You know, about how you would feel about me being a driver and-- and sort of what that demands.

You know, I have, like, a busy schedule.

Is that-- You know, how is that for you?

Honestly?

Yeah.

I welcome it.

Really?

Yeah, I'm, like--

I told you, like, I like my own space.

My biggest thing is, like, I just wanna know.

Like, I'm still a girl, and I just wanna know, like, that even when you're gone...

Yeah.

That, like, you're thinking of me.

You know, that's kind of how I, like, judge, like, how much or how into somebody I am.

You like someone?

Because if I'm gone and I don't really think about them, then I'm like, "Mnh."

Well...

I've had such a great day with you.

You're so great.

And, you know, you made me feel comfortable going on the roller coaster and flying...

Yeah.

And you're so brave.

But...

Um...

"But"?

You know, I was worried coming into this. Like...

Um...

Like...

I don't know. Like...

I'm looking for somebody that, um...

Can be really open and honest with me about...

Mm, I'm totally messing with you.

I'm-- I just-- I think I just l-- (Laughs)

That was really mean.

Bless your heart.

Did you see my face? I couldn't do it.

I couldn't do it.

I couldn't finish it.

I thought things were getting too serious, so I thought I would make a joke.

(Both laugh)

I'm sorry.

It's okay.

You know, I really feel like I got to know you so much better today.

And, um, thank you for being...

You're welcome.

Such a great guy.

So, Arie...

Yes?

Would you accept this rose?

Of course I will.

I'm sorry.

Don't be mad at me.

Don't scare me like that again.

Perfect.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Cool.

Oh, now that's over with.

Whew!

I know! I'm sorry.

(Laughs) You scared the hell out of me.

I'm sorry. You're safe.

I know.

Now I know I think you might kind of like me.

I think I do.

She tried to catch me off guard a little bit there, and-- and kind of joked around with me, and that just kind of shows me her humorous side.

This rose symbolizes the start of something great.

I really believe it does.

What do you have in store for now?

I know, right?

(Dolly) ♪ Mmm, Mmm ♪
♪ I could hold out my arms ♪
♪ say "I love you this much" ♪

Emily has exceeded my expectations by...

You know, 1,000%.

I can't believe the connection that we built today.

And the way it's going, I could imagine myself some day getting down on one knee.

♪ From here to the moon and back ♪
♪ who else in this world ♪
♪ will love you like that? ♪

Emily: I never thought in a million years that I would have the feelings that I have this early.

I felt from day one that Arie reminds me a lot of my daughter's Dad Ricky.

It's really cool because that's, like, my best relationship I've ever had in my entire life, and it's scary.

Where did you come from?

(Laughs)

Guys like Arie are really, really hard to find.

And so I feel like I finally found him and I don't want to screw it up.

♪ From here to the moon and... ♪
♪ back ♪
♪ Mmm, hmm ♪
♪ Mmm, hmm ♪
♪ Mmm, hmm ♪

If you'd like to date the next bachelor or bachelorette, go to...

And click apply."

What kind of perfume do you think I should wear tonight?

Smells like Mindy's house.

I think Mindy's house smells delicious.

You wanna spray it on me?

This week has been really great.

I mean, there's been obviously a couple, like, low points.

Sending Tony home was really hard for me.

Even though I knew I was making the right decision for both of us.

I don't wanna hurt anybody's feelings, and I wanna make sure I'm making the right choice.

But at the same time, I have a bigger picture in my mind.

Whoa. That was a good spray.

(Laughs) (Chuckles)

I hope to really figure out, like, who would be a great husband and a great Dad.

Good job.

♪

Do you feel like you're on the hot seat tonight?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah?

Absolutely.

I've gotta convince myself that, yes, I am getting a rose tonight simply so I can be ment*lly strong.

She can absolutely send anyone home at any time.

Um, no one's safe.

Ryan: There's a lot of guys here that are probably a little bit nervous.

You can sense the tension in the house.

She's making it very clear that she's here for a purpose.

She's wanting more than just a boyfriend, but a husband and a father, too.

Man: I see a pretty blonde.

Wow.

Hey, guys.

Hi.

How are y'all?

How you doing? This is from the gentlemen in the room.

Thanks, sir.

You're welcome.

I feel like this rose ceremony is a little bit different than the last.

The other ones I've come into this looking forward to talking to a lot of you and getting to know you.

And after this week, I feel like our relationships have really taken a huge step forward, and I'm really starting to develop a couple crushes.

So with that...

Kalon?

Yes, ma'am?

Can I talk to you? Shall we?

It'd be my pleasure.

Gentlemen.

Y'all hold down the fort.

Emily: I'm really excited to see Kalon tonight.

I can tell he's such a genuine guy, and I want time to really, like, be able to talk to him, because I really haven't spent that much time with him.

I like the glasses.

Ah, thank you.

Well, you know, thanks to you, I, uh, I had the week off this week.

So there was lots of hanging out around the house, and...

Figuring out your good side.

Figuring out glasses, no glasses.

(Sighs) Well, and then I would just, like, hang out and...

Well, I could've seen that about you.

So I really--

I really took it personally when I didn't get a date this week.

You are crazy.

And I never had to share much in my life, and to share you with some of these guys is devastating, unfortunately.

No, and I--

I get it, yeah.

And last night we, um, we were talking about Tony.

For you to acknowledge that if he wasn't gonna be the one for you, for you to so graciously allow him to go home to be with his son, that showed a lot about your character. Well...

That-- that just shows that you're...

Well, thank you.

You're-- I mean, I couldn't-- There's no way.

There was no doubt in my mind to begin with, but you are obviously a lady of class, so...

(Sets down glass)

Well, speaking of kids, how do you feel about me being a mom?

I always...

Had believed that my first child would be one of my own, so, yeah, obviously, the idea of potentially, you know, embracing you and Ricki into my life--

It's not how I wrote it up in, you know, my journal as--

As a kid.

But, like, think about your mom.

Think about if she met the absolute love of her life.

Yeah, and then that's-- And then he said, "you know what?

I want my first kid to be my own."

Yeah, well--

Like...

I-I-I love it when you talk, but I wish you'd let me finish.

Okay.

(Chuckles) But the more I thought about it, and one of the things my mom taught me is you can't try to control too much.

She said, "you know, you're used to being in control.

You're used to...

Everything your way."

You know what? I had no idea.

I never-- I never--

When-- when-- when you--

When you become a parent, you gotta let go of that overnight.

Yeah.

You can't-- You can't control anything.

I do feel like Kalon is a gentleman.

I feel like his mom did a very good job raising him.

But to be honest, I didn't really love when he told me that I needed to let him finish, and I'm trying to figure out is this because he hasn't had much time with me?

So I'm still kind of waiting to see if there's something more to him that I'm just not seeing yet.

I do like tall, skinny, and funny, but I don't like tall, skinny, and condescending.

After you, young lady.

Thank you.

The day at the park was amazing.

I got to talk with her friends, and they told me we needed to get rid of Shelly.

It struck a chord.

And tonight we need to lay Shelly to rest.

So, uh, you know, being at the park this week...

Mm-hmm.

Anitha and, um, Wendy, they were like, "I think it's time for you to get rid of this egg."

So you know that if you love something...

You have to set it free.

You have to set it free, baby.

Totally.

So would you like to stand with me?

And...

Are we gonna set Shelly free?

We are going to set Shelly free.

Would you like to maybe, together, toss it?

Toss it?

We're going to get rid of Shelly for once and for all.

Oh, I can smash...

(Laughs) No. That's kind of--

You like that?

You wanna just smash Shelly?

Okay. Ready?

One... two...

Three!

I feel terrible.

(Laughs) Ready?

It's ready. It's time.

Yeah!

That was huge.

It was huge.

Ah, poor Shelly.

Poor Shelly.

(High-pitched voice) Shelly, no!

You are so sweet.

(Laughs) Shelly, no!

Hey, it's a good thing.

It's a good thing.

Oops.

It's a very good thing.

(Laughs)

Poor Shelly.

Um, you know what?

It's kinda sad, but, you know, I kinda wanted to get to know you a little bit more.

I know.

Besides, you know, this egg.

Me, too.

Shelly just got broken.

Emily crushed Shelly.

She smashed it?

Shelly went everywhere.

Should we have a toast to Shelly?

Hey, to Shelly.

(Men speak indistinctly)

(Laughter) I miss Shelly.

(Glasses clinking, men speaking at once)

Pour a little out.

Pour a little out for Shelly.

Watch the shoes.

Hi.

How's it going tonight?

Good. How are you?

Good. It feels good out here.

Yeah, it does. It's like every night is so perfect.

And you look just gorgeous right there.

Just don't move.

Stay right there. (Laughs)

Thank you. You are very sweet to me. Thank you.

So... I wanna know, um, what do you think so far?

I mean, we didn't really have a lot of opportunities to--

Yeah, I feel like the opportunities that we have had, um, you have let me know who you are, and I appreciate that, but I had a question.

Like, how do you think you would be as a Dad?

You know, I haven't--

I mean, I don't have a lot of experience with kids.

I mean, I have an awesome niece.

I... haven't really had time to hang out and take care of her.

Put yourself in my position.

Like, you have my 6-year-old daughter.

And I just supposed to put all my trust into you?

What do I do? That's a great question.

That's a great question.

I mean, I don't have a lot of experience with kids.

And, I mean, but that's something that will come.

I mean, and you're gonna teach me, okay?

Okay.

Um...

If I'm willing to take that compromise as part of my life... Mm-hmm.

If I wasn't willing to do this, I wouldn't be here, honestly.

But what's gonna change?

I mean, I... like I said, the whole compromise thing.

Once I'm willing to do that compromise--

But what am I--

What would I be comp-- Compromising, like...

You would be the compromise.

A compromise would be me as a Dad, as a chief in a family.

And-- But what would--

But you see that as like a compromise?

You don't see that as like an honor?

Honor? But don't you think--

I mean...

I-I-I see it as a compromise.

I mean, that's what marriage is about.

I mean...

I don't think you understand where I'm coming from.

I'm having trouble right now.

You're having trouble?

Me having a daughter isn't a compromise.

And anybody I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with--

They are gonna see that as the biggest bonus ever.

Don't you think? Like--

No, I don't see it that way.

I mean, it's just--

A compromise would be, okay, what do I tell my company?

I can't travel.

I can't move locations because I have a compromise which is my wife and my family.

Does that make sense to you?

I mean, I can't even say it's a language barrier, because, I mean, I can't express myself.

Yeah, I'm wondering, like, it's not, like, a language thing, right? No, no.

It's like, you...

I mean, I think I'm pretty confident 100% that, like, I'm--I'm--

I'm expressing myself right now.

And-- Okay. That makes me slightly more comfortable and slightly...

A lot more uncomfortable.

Why? Is it because...

My conversation with Alessandro was one of the most bizarre conversations I've had, and while I appreciate his honesty, I am not sure if he is someone that I could see myself spending the rest of my life with.

He also admitted to her friends that he had cheated on an ex and he's had a one-night stand.

(Chuckles) So...

It wasn't-- It wasn't a good day for Alessandro. (Laughter)

(Man speaks indistinctly)

(Singsongy) Hi.

Hi, Emily.

Whoa.

Based on that look...

He's going home. Yeah.

Alessandro tells me that he sees Ricki and I as a compromise.

I am not looking for someone that sees my daughter and I as a compromise.

I want someone who sees my daughter and I and says, "I am the luckiest guy ever to walk this earth.

How did I get so lucky?"

And Alessandro clearly does not see himself in the same way.

(Alessandro)

I'm totally shocked, because I wasn't expecting that at all.

Right now I wouldn't be able to provide Emily and Ricki with what they need, because I'm just, you know, been living like a gypsy king and with all the freedom I've always wanted.

But like I said, I mean, I was willing to take that huge change in my lifestyle.

It sucks to give Emily a last hug.

Sucks. Sucks.

♪

Walking away, I was just more upset, like, mad.

Just so disrespectful, I felt.

Man: You okay?

All right.

She didn't look too happy.

She's not.

It's scary for me.

Like, who's here for the right reasons?

And it makes me question, like, what's wrong with me?

And so what I am dying to do in my gut, is just run away.

(Whispers) Talk to me.

(Whispers) No.

Just tough decisions, or...

Um, Alessandro-- The stuff coming out of his mouth was weird.

Well, just think about our date, because it was really good.

I know. (Speaks indistinctly)

Okay.

Give me a big hug.

Mm.

(Kisses)

(Whispers) Have a good night.

Dude, he's making out with Emily.

(Whispers) It's Arie. Arie's, like, making out with her.

I was shocked to find her and Arie kissing.

You know, would I have ever seen myself competing against a guy like Arie? No.

I mean, it bothered me.

(Whispers) Thank you.

Sending Alessandro home made me feel really bad, but Arie just makes me feel so special.

Mm.

It's really great to know that there's at least one guy here for me.

But I don't know if I see all of them as being, um, a father figure to my daughter.

I'm excited to see you.

Yeah?

You know, it's only been 48 hours, maybe?

I know.

Kinda miss you.

Yeah?

I did.

Like what?

Flatter me for a minute.

I need it.

(Sighs)

So normally if I were to kinda find a connection with someone, I wouldn't wait two days to talk to 'em again.

What would you normally do?

Well, first of all, I probably would've called you or sent you a sweet text that night telling you how good of a time I had.

And I don't think I would have been able to hold back.

I would have wanted to see you last night.

Wouldn't have played the 2-day rule?

No. I wouldn't have played a game at all.

(Chuckles)

I did wanna talk about one thing, though, that I actually discussed with your friends that we haven't talked about.

No, I'm nervous.

So your friends--

No, no.

Your friends asked me, "would you be prepared to be a stepfather to Ricki?"

Mm-hmm. I don't know if they told you this.

Mnh-Mnh. No.

But for the past 28 years my Dad has shown me how to be the perfect father.

And without a shadow of a doubt, I could step into any role and be the greatest father in the world.

I don't want to get ahead of myself, but... if we were to ever get married, you know, Ricki would be my child.

Mm-hmm.

No doubt about it.

You know, she might call me Sean.

She can call me whatever she wants.

But she would be my daughter.

All I can say is that is exactly what I needed to hear right now.

Obviously, I think you're very good-looking and all that, but more than anything, I feel like you're--

You have such a kind heart, and, um, I can't say thank you enough for being so sweet.

Yeah.

Can I give you a kiss now?

After tonight, it was so nice to hear from Sean, especially of all people, that he sees Ricki and I as a blessing, because I hoped that someone would see both of us as, um, you know, the biggest blessing in their life.

(Clinking) It is time for another rose ceremony.

My faith is renewed in each of them.

This could really work for me this time.

It's hard, but I still have faith.

I know with all of my heart that the man I'm supposed to be with for the rest of my life is in this group of guys.

I really do mean it.

Um, thank you, guys.

Emily: Obviously, we've learned from tonight it's gonna be a long road, but this time it's gonna work.

♪

Gentlemen, good evening.

Men: Evening.

It's been another great week of dates.

Now it's time for another rose ceremony.

Chris, Sean, Arie, the three of you already have roses.

Nothing to worry about tonight.

As for the rest of you--

Ten roses to hand out.

One of you will be going home tonight.

I wish you all the best, and if you're ready, here's Emily.

When you're ready.

Thank you, sir.

I know that tonight was especially hard, and I want y'all to know that I came into this with the best intentions.

I was so excited.

I'm sorry that things took such a left turn.

You know, I want you guys to know also that I take this just as seriously as you do, and if I didn't think it could work, I would be at home, asleep, in bed, with my sweet daughter, and I know you guys have given up a lot to be here, and I'm very thankful for that, so...

Thank you.

♪

Jef.

Jef, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Thank you.

Charlie.

Charlie, would you accept this rose?

I will.

Doug.

Doug, would you accept this rose?

Of course.

Michael.

Michael, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

♪

Travis.

Travis, would you accept this rose?

Absolutely.

Thank you.

Alejandro.

Alejandro, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Thank you.

Ryan.

Ryan, would you accept this rose?

I will.

Thank you.

John.

John, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Kalon.

Excuse me.

Kalon, would you accept this rose?

It would be my pleasure.

(Speaks indistinctly) (Giggles)

Thank you.

(Kiss)

Emily, gentlemen, final rose tonight.

When you're ready.

(Sighs)

Nate.

Nate, would you accept this rose?

Absolutely.

Thank you.

Stevie, I'm sorry.

Take a moment.

Say your good-byes.

(Whispers indistinctly)

Hey. Thank you.

Thank you.

(Speaks indistinctly)

Good luck finding love.

You have a great group of guys.

Thank you. Thank you.

You're welcome.

It sucks. It-- it hurts.

I saw something in her that I thought was great and I wanted to pursue.

She obviously saw more in those guys than she did me.

I would love to fall in love, you know, simple as that.

It sucks.

Ryan: Tonight was shocking in the fact that her and Arie were kissing in the house.

And it kind of sunk my heart a little bit.

I think Emily and I have, right from the get-go, you know, had a little bit of a spark there, and I think everybody sees that.

Arie and are very different.

He's more of a dainty man, and I'm more of a physical guy.

I think it's definitely a cat and mouse game, but I know how to compete, so Arie's in trouble.

It's gonna make it interesting, I promise you.

Obviously, that was really hard, but I'm so glad that, um, I have the group of you that I do, and I have a really fun week of dates planned, so I'm excited to get it started.

Cheers.

Men: Cheers.

(Clinking)

Next week on the bachelorette"...

Whoo!

Emily: I am so excited.

We're in Bermuda, and I am loving it.

♪ Bermuda, Bermuda ♪

(Loud pops)

Arie: When I kiss Emily, everything else disappears.

Did you have fun today? Yeah.

I've never done that before.

Jef: It feels like something that we share together is really valuable to her.

Emily: I can't for the day that I get to come back to Bermuda with, you know, my husband.

(Air horn bl*ws)

Man: Here we go, guys.

Man: We're going on that date with Emily tonight, and we're sending the other boys packing.

att*ck! att*ck!

Man: Give it all you got! Whoa!

Go! Go! Go!

He ripped his finger off on, like, the first turn.

Holy (Bleep).

Chris: I'm here for Emily, and just because of Doug, I'm in jeopardy of not getting a rose.

I want to know why you think you're the better man.

Here we go.

They'll never say it to you, but I will.

You're kind of coming at me right now, and I don't know why.

Man, we had to sit there and watch you and Arie kissing.

I had a little bit of a hard time with that.

Emily: I just feel like he's judging me.

Yeah. (Arie) There's so many things about Ryan that are narcissistic.

I'm very good at everything I do.

I feel like I'm called to something... bigger.

Isn't it great whenever you're able to, like, use a position like this?

Man: I don't think Ryan really cares about Emily's happiness.

Man: Emily's making a mistake.

It's all coming up next week on...

Hello, girls.

Hey there.

Alessandro.

Alessandro, yeah.

Have a seat right here.

Emily told us about you.

This kind of...

Oh, really? That's awesome.

That's exciting. Yes.

What do you think about Emily so far?

She's the perfect combination of, you know, sweetness and kindness and beauty and everything.

Do you like kids?

Do you want kids?

I like kids, yeah, yeah.

For sure.

Yeah. Back home, I had this long relationship with this girl.

She's my cousin.

Not-- I mean, we're third cousins.

But anyway, but then she got married last fall.

And then, I mean, but I still, you know, still thought about her.

Have you ever cheated on a girl?

Uh, yeah, once, with this one girl because--

It wasn't your cousin, though.

It was my c-- Yeah.

Have you ever had a one-night stand?

Uh, yeah.

I like how honest he is.

I know. We appreciate your honesty.

Yeah, I don't know.

I'm kind of a gypsy.

I'm single.

I have no compromise.

I can't even have a pet.

You know, she has a kid.

She has a kid.

That's it.

I think you gotta go.

He's not my first choice.

No.

No.