Tonight on...

Emily: I am so excited to be here in Croatia.

I mean, it really is like being in a different world.

Chris: It's breathtaking.

I've never been to a place like this before.

Travis: I believe in my heart that I can make it.

Jef: Right now I'm crazy about this girl.

You know, I feel like I can fall in love with you.

Ryan: This girl really has what I'm looking for.

Arie: When I look at Emily, I really picture her as my wife, and I know I'm falling in love with her.

Emily: Everything is so perfect between us.

He said to us this morning that he's competing with all of us to win Emily, basically...

Yeah.

And she's the trophy.

You think I'm rotten?

Trouble.

Trouble. I'm definitely trouble.

Mm-hmm.

Emily: A lot of the guys have mentioned that he is not here for me.

You'd be like a trophy wife.

Trophies don't talk back.

Every man should believe his wife is a trophy.

He's like on a professional league of cockiness.

I have to say something to her, 'cause it makes me uncomfortable.

Emily: There's just a part of me that just doesn't trust them.

(Knock on door)

What's going on?

Um... basically...

I'm sorry.

I stand here and I start to second-guess my decisions.

I can't believe how many ways my heart is being pulled.

Hey. Sorry.

What are you doing?

Can I talk to you for a second?

Yeah, what's up?

I can't hand out the final rose.

It's all coming up on...

(Birds chirping)

♪

(Bells tolling)

Emily: I am so excited to be here in Croatia. stepping back into time.

It was so hard to leave my daughter.

She went back to Charlotte with her babysitter.

I miss her every second of every day.

But at the same time, I think it'll be good for me to be able to just focus on the guys.

I'm really excited about the dates this week.

There's two one-on-ones and a group date, and I'm at a place now with a lot of my relationships that I either feel really strongly or I have no clue.

So I really want to figure out the relationships that I have no clue about this week.

♪

John: We're in Croatia.

It's beautiful, and it's cool as hell to be here.

I've never been to a place like this before.

(Doug) Amazing.

It's breathtaking.

Travis: I am freakin' pumped.

Emily might be the only thing more gorgeous than these views.

Look at that right there.

This is amazing. Look at that.

Thanks, dude.

That looks like a castle.

This is awesome.

Jef: I'm excited to be here and to see Emily.

Croatia is the perfect place to fall in love.

Unreal.

Travis: This week is the turning point for me.

If I don't get that date card, I'm-- Probably wanna just pack it up and go home.

All right, let's check it out.

Awesome, dude.

Wow!

Nice!

I would love to get another one-on-one date.

Unbelievable.

It's very important for me to remind Emily who I am.

Wow, look at that view.

The guy that, you know, she had such a strong connection with early on-- I don't want her to forget about me.

John: I hope I'm getting a date this week.

I can see both of you guys getting a one-on-one.

I hope so.

We'll see.

(Knock on door)

(Singsongy) Hello!

Oh, hi!

Ohh!

Hey.

Hey.

Wow! Hey, guys.

Very unexpected.

How are y'all?

Good to see you.

Good to see you, too.

Hey. How are you?

What's going on? Good.

In walks Emily out of the blue, you know?

Usually we have to wait some time before we get to see Emily, so it was a good surprise for us today.

I put the arm around her.

I don't think the other guys noticed that or not, but...

Emily: What do you guys think about it so far?

Chris: It's awesome.

It's beautiful.

Is it-- It's so pretty.

Have you--did you guys see, like, coming into downtown?

Men: Yes.

I feel like I'm in a different world, you know? Right.

And that was so unexpected.

I wasn't expecting Croatia to be... this.

You know?

Yeah.

Well, I'm really excited to be here with you guys, and I'm really, really excited about the dates this week.

I think you guys are gonna like 'em.

Awesome.

The date is one that I have been looking forward to for a while now, so...

Ohh!

Ohh!

Right there!

You're delivering the date card.

Travis...

Yes!

I'll see you guys later.

Bye, Emily.

Bye!

Bye!

Man: Look who's so happy.

"Travis, let's look for love beyond the walls."

Man: Ooh! (Man) Gonna go do a little exploring.

It was imperative that I got this date.

It was just like, "ohh!

Finally."

I came here to see if this woman could possibly be the woman that I would want to spend the rest of my life with.

And, you know, this definitely could change my life.

I want that rose bad!

Hey!

Hey!

Don't you look gorgeous?

You look nice!

Good to see you!

Good to see you.

How are you? Good.

I've been so excited to hang out with you.

I know!

We're gonna have a fun day.

Awesome.

Today I'm taking Travis to old city Dubrovnik.

I feel like Travis is the perfect person for this date because this is certainly not Mississippi, definitely not west Virginia.

So it's like two fish out of water.

About a thousand people live inside these walls.

Really?

Yeah.

And, um, today we're just gonna be exploring it.

I love it. Gorgeous.

There is no one I would rather be with than Emily right now.

I feel like the luckiest guy in the world.

You know, I'm hanging out with this gorgeous girl.

We share a ton of things, uh, in common.

Hello.

Hi.

Hello. How are you?

Hi. How are you?

This stuff is so pretty.

Travis: It's been close to two years since I've felt this way.

I was engaged and, you know, when it didn't work out, you know, it was the lowest point of my life.

Thank you, sir.

Thank you.

Really pretty.

But I can definitely see myself with her.

It's like...

Turnin' on a light.

It's like, man, I can see myself with this girl.

(Both laughing)

She grabbed my arm, and it was just--

Man, it's like we've been dating for years.

I couldn't ask for a better date.

Do you want to get some ice cream?

Sure! Let's do it.

Okay.

Emily: Yeah, could I try the pistachio, please? (Man) Yes.

Thank you.

You want to try it?

Sure.

Emily: Travis is just so sweet.

Oh, wow.

And he's just like a good guy, like he just has a good heart.

Those are all things that I'm looking for in a husband.

That is called the balancing stone.

Legend has it that if you can stay on it and be able to remove a shirt or jacket, then you'll be lucky at love.

Awesome.

No pressure.

Do you want me to hold you?

Maybe-- (Laughing) There's no way you can stand up there.

Hold my hand for a second.

(Speaks indistinctly) Okay.

Put-- put one finger here.

Try coming at it this way.

Oh, come on. We--

We're not leaving here till one of us is lucky in love.

Love it.

No!

Ohh!

Try with this foot first.

I wish there was one more hole up here.

Got it.

Good job!

Got it.

Nailed it.

Travis stood on it, but he didn't take off his shirt.

I'm really bummed out Travis didn't take his shirt off.

I've been wondering, like, what's underneath that shirt?

And I felt like I gave the perfect setup for it.

Mmm.

♪

Wow!

(Stomping foot)

All from just three strings.

Yeah!

Right?

Emily: It's really important to me that I find somebody that I can be silly in front of, and I don't feel like they're judging me.

It's getting kinda like, um...

Like a little--

Line dancing.

It is!

I feel very comfortable looking silly around him, and also, we danced, and we have so much fun.

Like, I don't care. I mean, I'm just having the best time.

(Laughing)

(Clapping rhythmically)

(Stomping rhythmically)

Emily: You're a good dancer!

(Travis laughs)

Well, that was fun.

Thank you!

Thank you!

♪

Travis: As first dates go, this is a ten on a scale of eight.

Look how pretty that is.

Wow. I know.

I'm ready to bust out of the friend zone.

Six weeks into this thing, Emily and I have a formed a really good friendship.

Rather the mountains or the beach?

The beach.

Me, too.

All day long.

I am definitely prepared to fall in love with Emily.

And I want Emily and I to exceed expectations and have this wonderful life.

♪

Sean: So, guys, Travis--

What do you think?

I don't think there's anything romantic there.

Ah, I don't know.

I think if Travis wants to be, he can be pretty romantic.

(Laughs) I don't think she has as big of a personality as what it takes to be in a relationship with him.

Because I see the woman he's with...

Mm-hmm. Having kind of a funky, crazy personality, too.

You know what I mean?

As much as I'd like to see Travis come home, I don't think he's coming home, mainly because I think she likes a little bit of the bad boy, and some of us got that edge--

And that's me.

There's definitely an edge to me.

Uh, the mean man comes out on the football field.

I miss him sometimes.

♪

The search is on for our next bachelor.

To nominate a great guy or to apply, click the casting link at abc.com.

♪

(Thunder rumbling)

(Rain falling)

I had, like, the best time with you today.

Ohh! Me, too!

I really did.

I had so much fun.

My Dad with Travis so far has been so much fun.

I feel like I can be myself around him and be silly and be serious.

Travis: Look at this place.

And tonight I'm really looking for that romance.

I'm just trying to figure out if we have any kind of connection beyond just friends.

Isn't this so pretty?

Oh, my God.

Right?

I feel like the stage has been set for romance, and if it's there, I'm gonna find out tonight.

To an extraordinary day with an amazing lady, and to an amazing night, and, um, only the best from here on out.

Cheers. That was great. Cheers.

Thank you.

Absolutely.

Having you today walk around the city--

Hold hands and have a great time and show you that I can open up and--

You just make it easy on me, and, um, it's nice to know that I can do that again.

Well, good. I'm very glad. Yeah.

Because I haven't done that since I was engaged.

Mm-hmm.

You know?

What do you think you did wrong?

I don't know if I did anything wrong.

I don't know if she did anything wrong.

You know, it was more of, you know, and like--

That was a good answer.

Yeah.

I was-- I wasn't prepared for that.

At the end, um, it just wasn't right.

Mm-hmm.

It wasn't that easy feeling of, "hey, you know--"

"This is it."

"This is it."

And it wasn't that feeling.

Have you dated a lot since?

I have not at all.

Like--

So how long has it been?

Since I was engaged, seriously.

But-- And that was?

Two years.

No...

Nothing.

Zero.

Travis!

I know, zero.

Why?

I don't know.

There just hasn't been, um...

I don't know. I was kind of almost scared in a way.

I was almost scared to open up.

It was almost like, um, I was kind of-- I was guarded.

I have waited two years, you know, to feel this.

And I feel a connection with her.

It's nice to see that she cares and she listens, and she is an amazing woman.

I hope you weren't hungry, because we definitely haven't had a bite.

I'm sorry. If you're hungry, dig on in.

♪

We get this group date, there's gonna be one person left over.

And that is the one-on-one date.

(Knock on door)

Ooh.

Date card.

Speaking of the date card.

Ryan: Date card! Here we go.

Arie: I'm anxious to figure out who is on the date card, because the one person who isn't on that card is gonna get the one-on-one.

So I'd love that person to be me.

"Lasting love requires bravery... Emily."

"John..."

(Sighs)

Doug... Sean... Jef...

"Chris...

And Arie."

(Groans)

Well, what do you guys think?

Ryan, how you feeling?

My chest is b*ating right now, buddy.

Is it?

Yeah.

(Doug) Ryan gets the next one-on-one.

I think that Ryan's confidence is starting to rub some of the guys the wrong way.

Ryan: I see myself as an absolute front-runner.

I mean, I can jump into a romantic connection with her--

Like, I could manipulate the situation.

You know, I can go get the girl.

I know how to go get the girl.

And I can come off somewhat arrogant, but I think that it's just me being truthful.

♪

(Rain falling)

Today it was really nice to kinda open up a little bit.

Good. 'Cause I haven't done that.

It really felt good.

Well, the girls that you have gone out with--

Like, what kind of girl do you normally date?

You to a tee.

In what way?

Just a great attitude, energy.

Just-- Thank you.

It's about the person and this thing right here.

Mm-hmm.

You know?

It's been almost two years since I was engaged, and coming into this whole situation, you know, just giving love a chance, um, it's been pretty freaking awesome.

You know, I could see myself with this woman, now until forever.

Oh, my gosh.

From day one, you have been somebody that has just brought so much light to every situation.

And, you know, every time I look over at you, you're smiling.

I mean, I can't tell you how grateful I am for that.

I mean, I feel like we have that friendship foundation that's so important to me.

Um...

But at the same time, like, I don't know if we have that...

Romance.

Do you know what I mean?

Mm-hmm.

Um...

I don't-- I-I-I--

That's the one thing that I felt like we kind of was waiting on.

Mm-hmm.

And I wanted so badly for that to happen.

Mm-hmm.

And, um...

(Breathes deeply)

I don't know if--

I-I can't say that it did.

Okay.

I don't want you to think that you did anything wrong.

I wish more than anything that I could pin this rose on you...

Mm-hmm.

And be the happiest girl, but I just-- I can't give you the rose tonight.

I'm sorry.

I understand.

Having to send Travis home has been, like, the hardest decision so far.

It's nothing that he could have done differently.

And in so many ways, it was so perfect, but in the biggest way, it just wasn't there, and that's my biggest disappointment.

Thank you.

Thank you.

I had so much fun.

All right-- Me, too.

Bye.

Bye, honey.

(Thunder rumbling)

Travis: That hurt.

That hurt a lot.

Rejection does suck, no doubt about it.

"Suck" with a capital s-u-c-k.

Who is it?

(Doug) They're taking Travis' bag.

No. Wow, dude.

Are you serious? Uh-oh.

Travis: I am so ready to find someone.

There's gotta be somebody out there for me, you know?

There's got to be someone to settle down with.

I've got a heart this big.

I really do.

And... (Sniffles)

I don't want to waste her time.

(Thunder rumbling)

I don't know.

It's just, uh...

(Exhales)

It hurts.

It is a different kind of hurt.

(Crying)

♪

Coming up...

Chris: We're gonna compete in the highland games.

(Bagpipes playing) I'm in the middle of Croatia wearing a skirt.

I have no idea what's in store, but love takes bravery.

(Donkeys braying) No, this way.

No, no, no, no.

I do feel like I'm kind of behind the rest of the guys.

I've been thinking about who I would send home tonight, and I really don't know.

You know, her judgment on the guys in the house is spot-on.

(Doug) I actually think, you know, I might have taken a step back tonight.

I've put it all out there.

It's kind of gut-wrenching, you know?

(Bell tolling)

Emily: I am so excited.

I have six guys coming down to meet me in town today, and I'm really excited to see them.

Hey!

Hey!

Hello!

The date card said, "lasting love requires bravery."

I'm not scared of a whole lot.

The more scarier, the better.

Higher, the better.

Faster, the better.

So I'm gonna bring it.

I'm so glad you guys are here.

You know, after all the extravagant, over-the-top dates that we've had, sometimes a girl just wants to go see a movie.

Cool!

Awesome.

Follow me to the theater.

All right.

Let's do it.

One of the things Ricki and I love to do the most is go to the movies.

And I'm really excited to go to the movies with the guys today.

Man: It's not Shakespeare, right?

Emily: No, not Shakespeare.

Wow, this is cool.

Isn't it so cool?

Today I'm taking the guys to see Disney/Pixar's "Brave" before it even comes out in the theater.

Just hanging out at a movie, a bunch of dudes, one girl.

(Laughs) I know.

"Brave" is about a girl who is trying to figure out her place in the world.

I like to think it's kinda like what I'm doing, too.

The lords are presenting their sons (growls) As suitors for your betrothal.

What?!

(Shouts indistinctly) Who goes there?

(Bagpipes playing)

"Brave" is about a Scottish girl, Merida, who is a princess.

She has to get married, and she has three potential suitors.

It's kinda funny, but there's some similarities between, um, our current situation and a bunch of guys vying for one girl.

(Woman) Each of the firstborn must compete for the hand of the fair maiden.

(Crowd cheering)

She kinda got gypped.

She only has three dudes.

(Panting) Hyah!

(Crowd cheering)

Ow! (Man groans)

Archers, to your marks.

Man: Aye, archers to-- To your mark.

(Crowd cheering) (Laughing)

That's Doug.

What's that?

He's Doug.

(Crowd groans)

Thanks, guys.

(Laughter)

(Rattling)

The, uh, goofy-looking blonde-haired guy--

I don't know who that could be.

Certainly not me.

Maybe Jef.

(Crowd murmurs and shrieks)

I am Merida, and I'll be sh**t' for my own hand.

(Gasping)

Emily: I love this movie.

The lead in this movie is what I feel like I want to be, what I feel like I want my daughter to be--

Just, like, fearless.

(Arrow whooshing)

So cool.

"Brave" is a funny movie, but it also has the underlying theme of, you know, we should choose our own fate.

The main character did, and, uh, I think Emily will eventually choose hers as well.

That was a great movie.

Yeah.

Be a g the little guy to.

Emily: I loved watching the movie, and the guys seemed to enjoy it, too, but they don't know that the date isn't over yet.

I have a little surprise for the guys today.

Just like in the movie, we are going to compete in our very own highland games.

Men: Wow!

Not only am I one of the first people to watch the movie brave," but we're gonna compete in the highland games.

And I can guarantee you that I will be the bravest man at the highland games today.

But first...

Y'all are gonna k*ll me.

Oh, God.

Oh, God.

Not again.

Costumes?

This is what you're gonna be wearing.

(Men laugh)

So let's go get changed, and I'll meet you guys out front in a few minutes.

All right.

Have fun.

(Marching drums playing)

(Indistinct conversations)

♪

(Bagpipes playing)

So we are dressed in kilts right now.

Last week it was a dress, this week it's a kilt.

♪

Difference between a skirt and a kilt is, uh...

Nothing.

You guys look great.

You look much better.

Follow me.

I'm in the middle of Croatia wearing a skirt.

Yeah.

I have no idea what's in store, but, I mean, love takes bravery, and so wearing a kilt on this date is just one of those brave things that I'm gonna have to do.

You guys really do look good.

(Laughter)

Thanks.

We feel good.

♪

Coming up...

Man: Welcome to the highland games.

(Grunting)

Go!

This is for Emily, so everyone's bringing their a" game today.

(Grunts)

I think I got this thing locked down, because I just want it more.

(Log snaps) You broke it?

I'm not gonna lie.

It was impressive.

John: If you don't get a rose tonight, you're going home.

And I'll put it all out there.

It's pretty scary.

I didn't come all this way to half-ass it.

Emily: I don't want to waste their time, and I don't want to waste mine, either.

I can't believe how many ways my heart is b*ating.

(Donkeys braying)

Chris: Yo-- No, this way.

No, no, no, no.

Okay, here you go.

Whoa!

(Laughter) You're all right.

Here we go.

Today the guys are competing in our own version of the highland games, and in Croatia it's customary for men to ride donkeys into battle.

This is it.

(Bagpipes playing)

We're on our donkeys and we round the corner into this, you know, huge valley with mountains in the background, and there's bagpipes and swords and shields.

It feels like we're in Scotland, which is a little confusing, 'cause we're in Croatia.

But I'll go with it.

Emily: You guys can just leave the donkeys.

I am so ready for the highland games.

I haven't spent a lot of time with her since I actually had that one-on-one date with her, so, um, hopefully I stand out enough in this competition for me to remind Emily that I'm still here.

(Bagpipes stop) (Scottish accent)

Good afternoon, gentlemen, and welcome to the highland games.

We have three wonderful activities for you this afternoon, the first of which is archery.

Yes.

Yeah.

I'm gonna start it off.

Nice!

Cool.

All right.

Oh...

Man: Mm.

(Cheering) Nice.

She did really well, and it's kinda sexy that she knows how to do that.

Ohh!

Good job.

I've shotten" a bow and arrow once in my life, and it didn't really go well.

(Chuckles) I lost the arrow.

I still can't find it.

But a big part of the movie brave" was changing your fate.

And I have the opportunity to change my fate today.

All right, watch how it's done, boys.

Three fingers, like that...

(Laughing)

A little wind in the face.

(Laughter)

Chris puts out an interesting vibe when he sh**t a bow and arrow.

His back is arched and his butt is out and his feet are together.

It's... awkward at best.

(Laughter)

That was--

Yes!

(Laughter continues)

Oh, my God!

Yeah, I-I missed.

If I had some more chances, I'm sure I would have h*t it, but I missed.

There's still two more events, so I'm not worried.

That was really good.

(Grunting)

Caber toss is when you pick up a log.

It's like super heavy.

And you have to balance it and flip it forward and over.

(Both grunt)

I'm pretty sure that it is a lot harder than it looks.

So who wants to go first?

I'll go first.

Cool.

Good luck.

Thanks.

I have no idea if I'm good at this.

I've never done this before, you know.

Uh, we don't do this in-- in Chicago.

But if that's what it takes-- for me to throw a log-- to find love with Emily, then I'm more than willing to do it.

♪

Whoa!

Wow!

Look at this!

Okay, easy. Easy, log.

Come on, you got it!

Man: All right, Chris!

(Groans) Nah.

Disqualified.

Ahh!

Good job.

That's what I'm talking about!

"A" for effort.

It didn't roll all the way over, so I got disqualified.

But, uh, I do know if I had some time to practice...

(Laughs) I would have been a lot better.

(Man speaks indistinctly)

(Grunts)

♪

Good job, Arie.

Thank you.

(Both speak indistinctly)

Men: Ohh!

The guys on the group date today--

Everyone's competitive... (Grunts)

So, you know, everyone's bringing their a" game today.

♪

I can't watch.

I think I got this thing locked down, because, "a," I'm competitive, "b," you know, I'm a little bit bigger than some of these other guys, which might play to my advantage...

Get over!

(Groaning and laughter)

And, uh, "c," I just want it more.

♪

(Grunts)

(Log snaps) (Groaning)

(Laughing) Br--

My bad.

John: Broke it.

(Laughter)

Sean actually broke the log, so we'll see if that's like a disqualification.

But the dude's so strong that the log actually broke.

He broke it?

He broke the wood.

I'm not gonna lie.

It was impressive. (Chuckles)

Sean looked friggin' hot.

So, gentlemen, the next activity is the maide leisg.

The maide leisg is an event where two guys are facing each other sitting down, and basically the object of the game is to try to pull the other person and the stick close to you, and pull the other person past you.

(Men grunt)

Maide leisg, maide leash, maide... maide le--

I-I don't really know how you say it.

Whoever's name I draw picks their opponent.

Cool.

So...

Chris.

All right.

I-I'll take Doug.

Men: Whoa!

Don't do it, bro.

(Laughter) He picked Doug.

And that showed, like, some guts.

Doug is obviously one of the biggest guys in the house.

I would have thought he'd pick someone smaller than him so he knew he would win.

All right, buddy.

All right.

Okay, you go inside.

Who do you guys think is gonna win?

Uh...

I'm gonna have to go with Doug on this one.

Uh, learning towards Doug.

Ready?

Go!

Ahh!

Good job. He got me.

I pretty much sucked at the highland games.

You know, I gave it my all, and, um...

And, uh, I ended up in last.

And, uh, it's frustrating.

(Both laughing)

The-- the toughest part is, you know, I have such strong feelings for Emily, and, uh, I don't want to get lost in the shuffle of these other guys and I don't want to go home, because, you know, I believe in the relationship that we have and--and what it could be.

There is an award today for the bravest.

Sean: I think I got this.

Out of the highland games, I won the caber toss and maide leisg, so I feel confident that I'm gonna get the bravery cup.

I think all of you guys should really, truly be so proud of yourselves, 'cause you had so much fun with it.

Sean, it's very impressive...

Not really. That you are so great at doing all those things I've never heard of.

I don't know how you got to be so good at it.

But the bravest for me today was you, Chris.

When it came time for the caber toss, you offered to go first.

You picked Doug to go up against.

Archery-- Not really your thing.

No.

(Laughter) No, but...

But you still smiled and had fun, and that's all that matters.

Bravery to me is doing your own thing despite what everybody else is gonna think.

I don't care about big muscles and showing "I'm a tough man."

I-- That's not what's impressive to me.

I just want somebody that is brave enough to try and give it their best.

It felt great when Emily told me I was the bravest man.

I'm glad that I--

I showed that I was brave, because we haven't been able to talk in a while.

Sorry, guys.

Not brave enough.

(Emily and Chris laugh)

I wish I had chosen Doug in the tug-of-w*r deal.

Maybe I would've got that cup.

♪

You've taken me on some wild adventures, that's for sure.

(Chuckles) I know, right?

I'm waiting for you to, like, say, "no, I'm not doing that" or...

It's gonna take--

Have a bad attitude about something.

I don't think there's anything that I'll--

As long as you're there, it's--

Oh, that's very sweet.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Mm-hmm.

My bravery was definitely rewarded by Emily.

I may have lost in the games, but I think I came out the winner.

Mmm.

I missed you.

I missed you.

Yeah?

You had me worried.

♪

Coming up...

Sean: The rose is still up for grabs tonight.

That's a little bit more important than a bravery cup.

I've got a lot of strong feelings toward you.

I haven't hung out with Emily since London, and I'm freaking out.

I think someone who gets a rose tonight could go home next week.

Stand right here.

Look at this beautiful view. You're good.

Ryan: It's been as good as it can get--

Her and I spending the day together.

You think I'm rotten?

Trouble.

Trouble. I'm definitely trouble.

Mm-hmm.

Emily: I don't really know how I feel about Ryan.

I go back and forth.

You'd be like a trophy wife.

Ah, ha, ha, there's that word again.

Chris: Today's been a great day.

Welcome to the after-party.

Cool.

I got the-- the bravest man trophy, and that gave me a full head of steam going into tonight, you know.

I feel very strongly towards Emily, so I just can't wait for it to get started.

I had such a great time with you guys today, and once again, y'all take whatever I throw at you, and I love that about all of you guys.

(Man speaks indistinctly) So here is to a really great night.

To Dubrovnik. Cheers.

(Glasses clinking)

That was a good toast.

Cheers.

Today was a lot of fun.

I won two out of the three events, which was cool, but I-I didn't win the bravery cup.

Uh, but I don't care.

A rose is still up for grabs tonight, and, you know, that's a little bit more important than a bravery cup at this point.

I kinda missed you.

I know.

I had-- I had a lot of fun watching you today.

Yeah?

Mm-hmm.

Today was fun.

Yeah?

What's going through your brain right now?

I feel like there's more than you're telling me.

No. I mean, I've got a lot of strong feelings toward you.

I mean, I haven't had these feelings in a really long time.

Well, I-- One thing--

(Clears throat)

I don't want you to leave tonight feeling like... you don't know where you stand with me.

I--

And I feel like you do.

I kinda do.

Good.

And--

Well, that's-- That's exciting.

Good.

You know?

Good. And I--

I want you to keep that same confidence even...

When things get harder.

It's not going anywhere.

Good.

Do you guys think the rose is just up for grabs tonight for anybody?

Yeah.

You know--

I still think someone who gets a rose tonight could go home next week.

Chris: Absolutely. I agree.

I agree with you.

I haven't hung out with Emily since London, and I'm freaking out.

Freaking out.

We left each other in a place where it was uncomfortable.

Like, I had to think about that all week.

And I know that she was kind of shooken" up about the whole Kalon thing and it cast a doubt in her mind about me, so I'd love to talk to her tonight and really assure her that, you know, I'm here-- I'm here for her.

I want to apologize first.

For what?

Just about London.

I mean--

Looking back, like, you seemed so strong and, you know, I just--

I don't know.

Like, I definitely should have stood up for you more.

I don't know.

Like, I...

I held you to a different standard than I did everyone else.

And I'm sorry if you feel like I...

No, no--

Was hard on you, but you were so understanding and, like, so cool and, um...

I think it says a lot about you.

You said, like, that whole thing kinda made you question everything, you know?

And that got me worried.

Yeah. I don't want you to have any doubts.

Good.

Hmm.

I just love being around you.

I love being around you.

I wish I could just steal you away.

Let's just walk really, really slow. Mmm.

And then we won't have to get there.

(Laughs) We won't--

(Laughs)

We'll just look inside.

Hey, this is cool. We'll look-- we'll look in every single store.

Dolls are kinda creepy.

(Chuckles) Mmm.

Arie: After our talk tonight, I feel so good.

I feel confident again, and I feel like I'm back on top of the world.

I really have strong feelings for her.

I'm-- I'm definitely falling for her.

I don't know.

It just feels amazing.

♪
♪

Ryan: It's been a good day.

You know, spending time alone, you know.

That's really what I wanted more than anything.

(Doorbell rings)

I think it says a lot that I was chosen for this date.

I keep things fresh and new, and I feel very, very confident.

I know what I have to offer as a man, and, you know, I spend time with the other guys, and I love the other guys, you know.

I just don't think they possess all the same qualities that I do.

"Ryan, the world is our oyster... Emily."

I'm a guy who's somewhat of a perfectionist, you know.

I like to do my very best.

Playing pro football and having, you know, certain gifts, I look at myself every day when I wake up and say to myself, "who do you want to be today?"

Most men do not do that.

I've always been able to do very well in everything that I've done, and I pick up momentum.

I know that I am a very good-looking guy who can get women.

I would say, yeah, maybe I'm due for a rose.

♪

Hello.

How you doing?

Good.

First wear this.

Hmm. I get this?

And then that.

It's freezing out here.

Jef: Right now I'm crazy about this girl.

You know, last week we had a one-on-one date, and things went really well.

Thank you.

I had a little bit of a tough time getting to that physical point with Emily, and now that I've gotten over that hump, it feels great.

Like, it feels like it's--

It feels like I should have done it a long time ago.

Like, I wish we had kissed in every city that we were in.

You were so awesome today.

Thanks. So were you.

I really feel like we finally made some, like, progress.

Yeah. I feel like so, too.

I feel like we did.

I felt really good.

I feel like I can, like, open up with you more now, you know?

Yeah?

Like, I feel like you give me the type of feeling that, like, people write novels about.

Really?

Yeah. Yeah. Like, I get really excited to hang out with you.

Thank you. Yeah, I really like it.

I really like you.

Mmm!

I don't know, I feel like there could be, like, something really good with us, you know?

That's what I feel.

Me, too.

You know, I-I was worried, because, you know, we were a little slow movin'.

Yeah.

By the way, what took you so daggone long?

For what?

To kiss me.

I was scared of you.

I was scared to death to kiss you, you know?

So it wasn't like some...

Like some plan?

"I'm gonna play the game and..."

I don't know. Maybe.

Did it work? 'Cause then maybe it--

Totally.

Okay, then, yeah, that was totally my plan. Yeah.

Totally.

That was totally my plan.

(Laughs) Yeah.

You know, you definitely keep me guessing as far as...

The same.

How you feel, but I like that.

Yeah.

And, um, I think it makes it fun.

Yeah.

But, yeah, I don't want you to, like, be guessing too much.

I mean, I'm definitely here for you.

Like, I want this to work out.

Yeah. Me, too.

I really like this, you know, and...

Me, too.

Yeah. Good.

Mm-hmm.

Can I tell you a secret?

Mm-hmm.

I'm freakin' crazy about you.

Aww. Me, too.

I really, really like Emily, and I'm-- I'm beginning to fall in love with her.

Even though I'm there with a bunch of guys, it doesn't really feel like it, because this connection I have with Emily is unlike any other, I feel like.

How was your night so far?

I can't believe how quickly the whole thing has gone.

Mm-hmm. Yeah, it definitely seems a lot more serious now.

Emily has already given me an award with the bravest man mug, but, uh, I would definitely trade that in for-- for a rose.

It would mean a lot, because I've kind of been in the shadows for a while, and, um, you know, I just really want to tell her how I feel.

I'm just gonna lay it on you right now.

You know...

I'm-- You know, I feel like I can fall in love with you.

Yeah?

If I'm gonna love you, I'm gonna love you for forever.

Mm-hmm?

And I want you to know that--

That I'm in this forever.

And, uh, you know, if you ever give me that chance to fall in love with you... (Chuckles)

I'm gonna--

I'm gonna take it and I'm gonna run with it, and, uh...

Hopefully I do get that chance.

Well, thank you so much for saying that.

It's only gonna get better, I promise.

I agree. I agree.

I promise it's only gonna get better.

I think so, too.

Um, I'll be right back for one second. Okay.

Excuse me one second.

Okay. I'll be here.

Cool. Thank you.

(Speaks indistinctly)

I'm not giving out the rose today based on the guy that threw a daggone tree the furthest.

I feel like tonight's rose is about how they make me feel, what I feel when I'm around them, the guy that just kinda gave me those butterflies in my stomach.

Man: What's up?

Man: Hey, you.

Jef: Hey, girl.

How's it going?

Men: Good.

Gosh.

I really wish I did--

I'm just not gonna make eye contact.

(Laughter) It's okay.

Pretend like it didn't even happen. (Laughs)

Jef: Well, there you go.

Chris got the rose. Yeah.

Every time I think I'm gonna get one, I don't.

(Laughs) (Laughs) I'm back.

Um, so...

Chris?

Yes?

You have, from day one, been a standout in my mind, and, um, this rose has to do with the fact that, um, you are one of the kindest, sweetest, most handsome men I have ever met.

So nothing makes me happier than to say, Chris, would you accept this rose?

Absolutely.

Great.

(Chuckles and speaks indistinctly)

Emily: Thank you so much.

I'm very happy that I got the rose.

You can't fall in love with someone or marry someone unless you can continue to build on a relationship.

And getting that rose means that, you know, I'm gonna have more time with her and take-- take this relationship to the next level.

It was a perfect day.

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

♪

Coming up...

This is like the prettiest thing that I've ever seen.

There is a playful side to Ryan.

(Shutter clicks)

It's really endearing.

A castle for a princess.

But I go back and forth on Ryan.

How are you gonna say you don't want to be a trophy wife and come looking like that?

Does anyone think Ryan's not coming back?

He's coming home because he's a great salesman.

Arie: I think she'll see through it.

If she doesn't...

(Knock on door)

There might be some things that I have to bring to her attention.

What's going on?

♪

Ryan has his second one-on-one today.

(Man speaks indistinctly)

Everybody in the house is up in arms against Ryan right now, I feel like.

Everybody's caught on to his game.

My gut feeling is that Emily kinda gets that gut feeling about Ryan, too.

You know, either she chose the one-on-one for Ryan to hang out with him some more 'cause she wanted to, or to really get some questions answered.

We'll see.

Ryan's-- He's--

He's kind of a jackass.

(Laughs) You know?

I mean, it takes the guy three hours to get ready.

I mean, he shaves his legs and plucks his finger hairs and stuff.

It's weird.

You know, I didn't think I was gonna get the first second date, because I got the first date.

I actually thought that you were probably gonna get it, if not John.

But I got that, too, so I feel very good about that.

Y'all are hopin' that today's great for me?

(Door closes)

Hey, guys.

Good morning.

What's up?

How are you guys?

Take a seat.

Can I sit down?

Good to see you.

Good to see you, too!

What's goin' on?

(Sighs)

Just hangin'.

Yeah?

What are you gonna do today?

You will see, my dear.

(Laughs) Oh, yeah, huh?

Mm-hmm.

I'm excited.

The world is our pearl.

No, it's not. It's our oyster.

Oyster. Yeah.

See, I'm always seeing the good in things. You are.

You are. You know what I mean?

I'm looking--

I'm already thinking there's a pearl in there.

Who knows?

There is a pearl in there.

You think so?

You're the pearl.

Yeah. Oh, you're very sweet.

You're good.

I'm good.

(Laughs)

You got all the lines.

Well, I'm just getting started today.

Oh, I know. I can only imagine.

(Laughter)

Oh, man.

Man: Oh, my God.

I'm just getting started.

All right.

You ready?

I'm ready.

Let's go.

Following you.

All right. Bye, guys.

See y'all later.

Have fun today.

See you, bud.

This place is cool.

(Door closes)

(Laughter)

John: I was embarrassed.

Sean: The amount of awkwardness that just built up in those short moments.

Didn't you love it though?

Like, you're full of (Bleep), dude. Just shut up.

What was that whole spiel about--

'Cause I look at the positive in things, you know?

The world's our oyster, and you're the pearl in it. Oh!

(Laughter) (John) I was like, gag me.

Just stop now.

Ryan is a (Bleep).

That's all I can really say.

Travis went home.

I'm just crossing my fingers that Ryan goes home as well.

I'm hoping at this point that I never have to see Ryan again.

I feel bad for her.

Seriously, my skin was crawling.

He is such an idiot.

(Laughs)

♪

I'm glad you're driving.

The date card for Ryan said, "the world is our oyster."

So today Ryan and I are gonna just go on a road trip.

I'm a very safe driver.

You may not feel safe, but I don't get in accidents.

Oh.

I don't really know how I feel about Ryan.

(Horn honks) Ryan has told me that he wants a trophy wife, and that does not sit well with me.

I think you're more rotten than you...

I am rotten.

Let me believe.

You think I'm rotten?

Yeah, I do.

(Laughing) And what-- what does rotten" mean to you?

Trouble.

Trouble. I'm definitely trouble.

Mm-hmm.

On the other hand, there is definitely a playful side to Ryan that's really endearing, (shutter clicks)

Look at this beautiful view.

Here. Stand right here.

Look at this beautiful view.

You're good.

Oh, my God.

This is like the prettiest thing that I've ever-- I can't believe--

I cannot believe I'm here right now.

This is the prettiest thing that I've ever seen.

It's very easy to talk to him, and we have a lot of chemistry.

(Shutter clicks)

So I think today's date is exactly what I need in order to be able to figure out Ryan.

(Horns honking)

That felt illegal, didn't it?

Oh, no. That was not legal.

That was stupid.

That was so stupid.

Say, "Ryan, you are stupid."

Ryan, that was so stupid.

(Laughs)

(Horn honking)

(Laughs)

We're driving and we're having a great time talking and stuff, when we stop, get out, go down to where these boats are, and the world is our oyster.

We went... (Chuckles)

We went oystering.

Look at these.

(Speaks indistinctly)

You eat.

Oh, no.

Aphrodisiac. Sometimes in life you just gotta go for it.

Aphrodisiac. This ain't exactly puttin' me in the mood.

(Laughs) (Laughs) All right, here we go.

Go.

(Both slurping)

Swallow it.

Mnh-mnh.

Swallow it. (Laughs)

(Speaks indistinctly)

(Laughing)

Mnh-mnh.

(Laughing continues)

Ew!

It's salty, isn't it?

It was so good.

(Speaks indistinctly)

I've been wanting to have Emily all to myself for a while now, so it just feels great, you know--

Great to be able to be out here in the middle of absolutely nowhere and talk to people when you don't understand anything they're saying.

This is mine picture--

Younger.

(Speaks indistinctly)

Oh!

Wow!

(Speaks foreign language) You?

Yah!

Very handsome.

(Speaking indistinctly)

...San Francisco...

This has been as good as it can get--

Her and I, you know, spending the day together and figuring out that this is the type of woman that I can certainly see myself with.

This may be the woman that God has, you know, chosen for me.

(Bird calling)

This has been a good day.

I think so, too.

My biggest hope for today was that you and I would come out here and we'd spend time together and I would recognize that--

That you can be a companion to me and I can be a companion to you.

I've known that I want to have a great woman in my life, so I've done my very best to be a great man.

Mm-hmm.

You know? I feel like God makes a promise to us, you know, to give us great things in our life.

Mm-hmm.

And you'd be a pretty good promise.

Thank you for saying that.

You'd be like a trophy wife.

Ah, ha, ha, there's that word again.

There's that word.

Mnh. Every man should believe his wife is a trophy.

Trophies don't talk back.

Well, you definitely would be the first of that kind. Mm-hmm.

But what I mean is, that's, uh, what you want to put out in front of you as saying that this is the very best...

Mm-hmm.

You know, lovely, so...

Well, that's very sweet of you.

I go back and forth on Ryan.

One minute I'm like, you know, feeling really comfortable, and he makes me feel really good about myself, and then the next minute, he says to me, "I want a trophy wife, and you'd make a great trophy."

It makes me kind of question everything he says to me.

It's like, if I knew one way or the other, it would be so much easier to make my decision.

But the fact is, I go back and forth hourly.

♪
♪

A castle for a princess.

Ryan: Today has been an amazing day.

I mean, today was everything that I imagined it could be.

This girl really has what I'm looking for.

This is a very romantic place though.

Right?

Yes, it is.

She is definitely gonna be somebody's trophy wife, and I'm pretty sure that I've got a good sh*t of that being mine.

Wow.

(Speaks indistinctly)

Get this door behind us.

(Door closes)

Oh, my.

Pretty, huh?

Yeah.

Ryan: I'm not sweatin' the rose.

I wish I had a dozen roses that I could give her.

"Emily, will you accept all these roses?"

Everything in here is like--

We got--

I've got on turquoise shoes tonight to impress you.

It's like you planned this date yourself.

Cheers.

Or I did.

Wait till I get to plannin'.

Man!

You'll be there.

You're confident.

You're not gonna be there?

Who knows?

After today, do you feel like maybe you'd want to be there a little bit more?

I feel like I saw a lot of sides to you today that I, um...

I really liked.

Good.

I do.

You know, after today, I just feel like I see in you a lot of the things that I've always looked for.

Well, thank you.

So... you're welcome.

What role do you see your wife playing in, you know, just your life?

More than a trophy.

(Laughs) Why are you laughing?

Because...

How are you gonna say you don't want to be a trophy wife and come looking like that?

Well, what better way to see if you can really envision me as your trophy wife...

I can see it.

Than to dress like a giant trophy?

You look very nice tonight, and the trophy is not what you're wearing, but who you are, and I got to see a lot of that today.

Thank God you clarified that much.

You know, to have all of yesterday--

I mean, I hate that I wasn't able to come dress up in a kilt and ride a donkey...

(Laughs) I know.

And then throw some sticks around for you--

I would have enjoyed the competition of all that, but it gave me time to reflect.

It just made me think a lot about what I'm looking for.

Mm-hmm.

Couldn't sleep the other night, so I sat up and I wrote 12 things that I really wanted to find in a woman.

I like to write. I'm fired up.

She's gonna love it.

(Clears throat) So I wrote down 12 things that I thought that are qualities that I would like to find in my wife.

Hmm. Hmm.

Okay. One was loyal--

Stands by my side, good or bad.

Mm-hmm.

Um, two is logical, not somebody that's overly emotional--

Somebody that thinks before, you know, they react in situations.

You want to see any of these?

Mm-hmm.

Number four is an encourager.

You know, always lifting me up and never ridiculing.

That's important.

Mm-hmm.

Um, number five is faithful.

(Paper rustling)

(Clicks tongue)

Number six is somebody that's a nurturer.

I like that.

Confident, and then magnetic.

That, um... this is good.

Somebody that people are drawn to, and I think you have that.

Loves to laugh.

Eight-- Somebody that's a servant, you know, that puts her family before herself.

Nine-- Unselfish.

Ten-- Beautiful.

Sexy personality.

And then, also loves to catch my eye.

I think that's important.

See, that one came last, and I-- and I kinda did it in bold.

Can I be honest with you?

Yep.

Okay.

Sometimes I feel like when I'm around you, I...

Find myself feeling the need to be perfect all the time.

I don't want to be someone's mold.

Yeah.

I don't want to be married and be... because I fit into their mold.

I mean, that is a fair, fair statement.

You know?

I'm glad that you--

You know, you're bringing that up.

You cold?

Yeah.

There you go.

Thank you.

You're welcome.

There it is.

It's been there.

(Breathes deeply and clears throat)

Yep. There it is.

(Clicks tongue)

Hmm.

So... you were the first guy I asked out on my very first date.

Mm-hmm.

And you were the very first guy I asked out on a second date, and--

Which I appreciate.

No. Thank you.

You are so funny and great-looking.

One of the best-looking guys I've ever seen.

And God knows, you're a good kisser.

Um...

But your list of things that you look for in your future wife--

To be honest, on the top of my list would be a loving family, and not a perfect one.

That would be the top of my list, and it wasn't on yours.

(Sighs)

(Clicks tongue)

While I do have so much fun with you, and see so much in you that I absolutely adore--

I mean, I don't know if what we want...

Out of a relationship is the same.

And, um, you know, um...

(Clicks tongue)

That is why I can't give you the rose tonight.

(Clicks tongue)

(Sniffs)

That is very shocking.

I know.

Because I would not have seen that coming.

I think that the time spent together, you know, today, and the potential for possible growth, to have something was-- and is-- Definitely there, and I'm very, very surprised, you know, and--

I don't know.

I just feel like so much of the things that you talk about wanting and desi-- and desiring are things that, you know, I want and desire.

(Sniffs)

I can't help but to think that maybe you're making the--

(Chuckles) The wrong choice, because I think that I'm probably just right for you.

You know, but you don't get to see that.

Trust me, I...

See so much in you that I--

I'm rather shocked.

I know, and, um...

That--

That this could be the situation at this point. I know.

You know, that you're not giving this more...

I know, and, um...

Time and thought.

And I think that your tears--

I don't know if you--

If you're-- If you feel bad, or what it is.

(Sighs)

This is the first time that...

I don't know if I'm making the right choice.

And that's, like, what makes this so hard, is because, you know, I, um...

I feel like I really have, like, formed a true relationship with you.

Why would you at this point not give me the opportunity to show you the man that I am at this point, you know?

(Sniffs)

♪
♪

(Cat meows)

Does anyone think Ryan's not coming back?

No, I think he's coming home.

Do I want Ryan to come home?

That's tough. No.

He's in it for, like, the prize" of Emily.

But I think he's a great guy.

I think that he's coming home, because he's a great salesman, and I do not think she's got enough time to figure out that he's selling her a bag of bad goods.

I think he's coming home.

If he does come back, I can't wait to see what he has to say.

I've never met anyone that just thinks so incredibly highly of themselves.

I don't think he's coming home.

I have faith in the fact that she will make a good decision.

I have a lot of trust in her judgment, and I think she'll see through it today.

I'm hoping she does.

If she doesn't, there might be some things that I have to kind of bring to her attention to make her realize that, you know, Ryan isn't the guy that he always says he is.

(Bells tolling)

♪

You know, I'm very shocked.

I can't help but to think that maybe you're making the--

(Chuckles) The wrong choice.

I'm baffled at the fact that we can have so much fun together and have so much chemistry between us.

If you don't know, why would you not give us more...

I know, and, um...

Time and thought?

(Clicks tongue)

I don't know, and this is the first time that I haven't known for sure.

And I hate that.

Sometimes you make the right decisions, and sometimes you make...

(Chuckles) The wrong decisions, and, you know, um...

(Clicks tongue)

Time tells.

I know, and, um...

You know, one thing that I said in the beginning of all this is that I want to trust my heart.

And, um... (Exhales)

It's hard for me to really, um, put into words what I feel and what I think, 'cause a lot of it doesn't make sense.

Sure. And none of it is really very logical.

(Clicks tongue) Um...

(Sniffs)

Um...

(Clicks tongue)

(Clicks tongue)

(Exhales)

I don't know--

I don't know what it is, but I don't know if I would be the one to make you happy, and that is something that, you know, no-nobody wants to feel going into a relationship.

(Sighs) That's what makes this so hard, is because I don't know if it's my insecurity, or if it is just a difference between the two of us.

(Voice breaking)

I'm sorry, Ryan.

I can't give you the rose tonight.

♪

I'll miss seeing you.

You know, and...

You're gonna make somebody--

Somebody very happy, for sure, without a doubt.

But I hate the fact that what I'm hearing you say is that you wouldn't make me happy, you know?

I'm disappointed because I like everything that I see in you, and I enjoy our time together, and I don't really want that to end.

Today was everything that I wanted it to be.

And I just--

(Sniffles)

I'm surprised that you're giving, you know, up on the potential of what maybe could be here.

So...

(Sniffles)

♪

It's always hard to say good-bye to everybody, but especially Ryan, because he makes me laugh, and I feel comfortable around him.

You know, yeah, he said some things along the way that-- that really bothered me.

But at the end of the day, he's funny, he's charming.

He is a great-looking, successful guy, and...

You know...

Tonight is the first time that I can say that I am not 100% confident in...

My decision, but...

Trust yourself, you know.

All right.

Thank you.

You're making the wrong choice.

Miss you. All right?

I'm gonna miss you.

♪
♪

She is making the wrong decision.

I don't know that she'll find the right guy for her here.

I really doubt that at this point.

I feel like he thinks really highly of himself, and I feel like he's the type of dude that would think he's gonna be like the next bachelor."

Gone.

Get out of here!

(Grunts)

You know, right now I can't imagine how shocked, you know, the guys are, you know, to find out that I didn't come back.

But, um, we've built great friendships, and I'll see those guys again soon.

Are you kidding, dude?

(Laughter and whooping)

Are you joking?

Emily is my dream date.

Wow!

Are you kidding me?

Losing sucks.

Nobody wants to be a loser.

(Exhales) When you look at me, do you think I'm a--

You're looking at a winner.

Oh, man.

I'm so happy right now.

Chris: Me, too.

That whole thing just makes me feel so good.

I seriously have never been so proud of that girl.

It's hard to see through that crap with Ryan.

That's crazy.

I just wish I could see his face.

That's shocking, man.

Getting the axe this evening--

This is definitely a blow, but I think some of the greatest men in the world, you know...

You know, get down, something causes them to, you know, fall down, and, you know, they get back up.

One thing that I definitely hope in all of this is that the way that I am portrayed is for who I really am, you know, and not confident for the wrong things, because...

Spend five minutes with me, I'll tell you that, um, while I've been blessed with many worldly gifts, you know, those are not worth being confident in.

So for your guys who cut this up, you know, do a good job of portraying exactly who I am and not, you know, an arrogant ass.

(Horn honks)

♪

If Ryan's the next bachelor," then the bachelorette" is a mirror.

(Sean laughs) Totally true.

Arie: At this point, now I'm like worried if Emily's okay, how she's doing.

This has gotta be hard for her.

I know she's had a tough week sending Travis and Ryan home on these long dates, so I want to be there for her, and I can't wait.

I just can't wait to hang out with her.

(Bells tolling)

Sending Ryan home tonight just reminded me that I have a really long way to go, and even though I'm getting closer, I still don't know who I could end up with.

There's still six more guys left, and five more I have to send home.

And I don't know who it's gonna be, but I know that I don't want to say good-bye to any of them.

♪

(Knock on door)

Hey!

Hey!

What are you doing here?

Can I talk to you for a second?

I would love that.

How are you?

You look beautiful.

Good. Thank you!

It was hard to find you.

This is a nice surprise.

(Laughs) Show me around.

Yeah. Well, there's not many places to hang out.

Really?

Yeah.

This is the kitchen.

Can we talk somewhere?

Yeah. Come upstairs.

What are you doing here?

Uh, well, I wanted to talk to you about some stuff. Ooh.

I want to talk to Emily because after the whole date with Ryan, I knew that it was probably hard for her to let him go home.

Finally somebody sneaks out and comes over to hang out with me.

(Laughing)

I just want to hold her and hug her and let her know that it was the right decision.

I just wanted to talk to you about something.

What's going on?

Are you okay?

Yeah.

Um...

Basically, I just wanted to say that I find it, um, so encouraging that you're such a good judgment of character.

(Both laugh)

Well, thank you for making me feel better.

And so I just want you to make--

You know, I just want you to feel good in that decision, because Ryan just wouldn't be a good husband.

Yeah.

You know, not for you.

Like, even if he came home, I would have snuck out and told you that.

Thank you. Just because I didn't want this to go any further than this point.

You got my back.

I got your back.

Our talk in London...

Exactly. Exactly. Really paid off.

You were listening.

And I-I just-- Oh...

Was London your worst week?

Well, it was just like-- No, you just caught me off guard.

It wasn't my worst week, but it's like the week where I didn't feel as confident, even though our group date was amazing.

But you have to keep me on my toes a little bit.

Giving you a hard time.

No, don't-- don't feel bad.

I like that.

I want you to ask me, like, tough questions.

You know what I mean?

And I want you to--

If something's bothering you, I want you to tell me.

You didn't deserve it that bad, though.

I don't know.

Maybe I was a little harsh.

No, it's okay.

Just to prove my point.

You did prove it, though.

I will defend you.

Clearly, 'cause you're here.

I am.

Next week's gonna be fun.

Yeah? Oh, am I getting a rose tomorrow?

Are you ruining it for me?

The surprise?

Oh.

(Laughing) Here you go.

Oh, thank you.

Arie, since no one is ever gonna know that you were here...

Okay. Arie, would you please accept this rose?

I will. I will.

Thank you so much.

There you go. Well, now you have an extra one.

That's amazing.

You have to hide it till--

I'm gonna hide it.

I'm totally gonna hide it.

It's my favorite one.

(Laughs)

(Laughs)

Mm.

♪

Emily: My heart is so happy.

And that's the way I want to feel when I see the person that I've been missing.

And that's not the way I felt when I was going to meet Ryan.

And that makes me even more confident in my decision.

I really like Arie.

I don't know what it is about him.

He makes me feel really comfortable and, I don't know, I feel like we've known each other a lot longer than just, you know, this amount of time.

Hmm.

I'm really happy.

I'm happy, too.

I'm so glad I met you.

Thank you.

I'll walk you out.

All right.

Arie: So tonight was amazing.

We had a great time together.

I can't wait for the next moment to see her, and it's just everything is like perfect right now.

When I look at Emily, I really picture her as my wife.

I really feel at this point, like, I'm definitely in love with Emily.

Thank you.

Mmm. Thank you.

I'm gonna miss you.

I'll see you tomorrow.

All right.

Thank you.

Okay. Good night.

Good night.

I'm really convinced that I'm gonna be the guy for Emily after all this is-- is over.

I'm definitely in love.

I could ask that girl to marry me tomorrow.

And it's a crazy feeling, but it feels good.

If you'd like to date the next bachelor or bachelorette, go to bachelor.abc.com and click apply."

♪

Fancy.

This is cool.

Jef: It's a big shock this week to see both guys who went out on one-on-one dates get sent home.

I mean, that's a big deal.

It's amazing that, you know, two on a one-on-one.

Jef: Mm-hmm.

You know, her judgment and her intuition on-- on the guys in the house is spot-on.

Mm-hmm.

Since the beginning.

The roses now are extremely important.

You know, obviously, you know, if you don't get a rose tonight, you're going home.

Six guys left.

I know. It's crazy.

Man: Wow.

Hello.

Hey, guys.

Men: How are you?

Emily: This has been such an emotional week.

I was absolutely not anticipating sending both guys home, but I feel like that just, um, solidifies to me and hopefully, the guys--

How serious I take this and how, you know, I don't want to waste their time and I don't want to waste mine either.

(Sighs)

I have formed relationships with each of you that are all so different, but each so special in their own way.

That's what makes these nights get even harder.

I've been thinking all day and all night last night about my feelings for each of these guys.

I really do feel like I would be so blessed to be with any of these guys, but I think that Doug and John are on the bubble for me tonight.

And if I had to say who I think I'm sending home tonight, I'd probably say John.

Snuggle up under this blanket.

John-- He's always been so guarded.

I've always hoped that there was something deeper within him, but I haven't seen it yet, and time is really running out.

I've been playing it too cool lately.

A little cool.

Is that the way you are in a lot of your relationships?

Um...

Yeah, a little bit.

I'm closed off to a certain extent, but I think if you'd ask all the girls that I've loved--

Three of 'em-- They would say that I'm a pretty big softie.

Like...

In my wallet, I don't--

Nobody knows this, by the way...

Cool.

Parents, nobody.

In my wallet, I keep my grandparents', um, funeral cards.

I've had this in my wallet since 1999, and their love was incredible.

Aw. Oh.

(Clears throat)

Um...

This is my grandpa's.

(Sniffles)

He's the reason why I am the way I am today.

When I open it up...

(Clears throat) I realize that nine years ago today that he had his heart att*ck.

And, um...

It's-- it's special because he is, like...

I believe he's my guardian angel, and he-- he-- he moves the chess pieces in my life.

It's tough to...

Express myself in these settings and I hope that through all this, you're getting to know me as quickly as I can show myself to you.

It means more to me than I can say...

Mm.

That you would show me that because I do know what it's like to have that exact same piece of paper with the words on it about somebody that I really loved.

Right.

And I know what it's like to see that date and, um, I just--

I'm really grateful that you felt...

Like I'm somebody that you'd want to share that with.

For sure.

So thank you.

Tonight I saw so much more in John I've been dying to see.

I definitely didn't think he would be the type of guy to carry around his grandparents' funeral cards.

That shows a lot of heart that I didn't know was there before.

I came into tonight with a lot of questions about John, but I'm really starting to second-guess myself.

How are you doing?

Good. Really good.

Good. You wanna sit down?

Yeah.

I gave Doug the first impression rose, and that, to me, was a big deal.

My friends loved him.

I feel like we have so much in common, just even beyond just being single parents and knowing what all that's about.

But at the same time, a lot of the other relationships are a lot further along than his relationship with me.

I actually left my last--

Our last visit just kinda down, you know, just--

Really?

Yeah, you know, I-I don't want to go home...

Mm-hmm.

'Cause I mean, you know, I mean--

But I do feel like I'm kinda behind the rest of the guys.

Well, scootch on in here.

sh**t, you're such a sweetheart.

I, um, you're--

You're just really sweet.

You didn't need to do that, but hi. How are you?

Put it all the way around there. See?

Um...

Is it awkward now?

No, I'm just shy.

Um...

See? That's what it takes.

I am so open to...

Everything about you, and I think that there's so much about you that I still don't know, but, you know, I'm still a girl...

Yeah.

And I want to be pursued a little bit.

I think his fear is if he makes a move, like, he could be shut down.

Arie: Right.

You know what I mean?

I honestly think if you're one of the last six people here...

Mm-hmm.

You gotta make a move. I mean, there's-- You know what I mean?

That's what he's gonna be thinking about the whole time, is making that move, you know, and it's gonna be awkward.

I'm not gonna tell him. I don't want him to make a move.

Me neither.

At the very beginning of this, I said to everyone, at the end of this whole deal, like, every single one of you should know that she will have picked out one of you.

And she picked you out of, like, the best guys--

You said, "she picked one of you."

Why didn't you include yourself?

Why didn't you say, "one of us"?

Um...

Uh, you know, that's just the way I...

People ask me that, like, I don't know, um...

I love the fact that you're so humble and that they call you humble Doug.

(Snickers) What a great nickname to have, you know?

It's just a name.

But I feel like you're very self-deprecating.

And with me, I don't want you to feel like you have to put yourself--

Not down-- you--you never put yourself down, but you always put the others before you put yourself.

But with me, I don't want you to be humble Doug.

I want you to be confident Doug.

Yeah, at the end of the day, who should you end up with?

Probably me, because I'm loyal and honest and--

Probably or definitely?

Definitely. I'm loyal and honest and loving, and had a lot of life...

Mm-hmm.

And, you know, I think it's made me a pretty good guy.

Mm-hmm.

I came into tonight feeling unsure.

I'm leaving tonight feeling more unsure, so I actually, unfortunately, think, you know, I might have taken a step back tonight.

(Clinks glass)

Guys, how you doing?

Emily, if you would, come join me.

Oh.

Pardon me.

I came down here, really would like to find somebody to share my life with that's, you know, good for me, and, you know, great for my son.

I care about my son a lot.

I love him.

He's, like, everything.

I miss him a lot.

He's-- he's my guy.

(Mutters)

(Cracks knuckles)

(Voice breaks) My baby.

Even though I got to talk to each of you tonight, it really is never enough time, especially not this week, because everything means so much more to me now than it ever did.

I'm gonna use the rest of my time to think about my decision and I will see y'all at the rose ceremony.

Coming up...

I can't believe how many different ways my heart is being pulled.

I stand here and I start to second-guess my decisions.

It's like physical pain that I feel.

Hey.

Hey. Sorry.

What are you doing?

Can I talk to you for a second?

Yeah, what's up?

Um...

(Whispers) I love rose ceremonies. Love them.

It's pretty scary.

Yeah, it is.

The whole thing is pretty scary, and I've put it all out there, and if I don't get a rose tonight, will I be disappointed? Yeah.

'Cause I mean, she is--

Well, let's face it.

She's an amazing girl.

Yeah, I feel, you know, it's a big gamble, but...

I didn't come all this way and put my life on hold to half-ass it.

I-I want to stay.

It's kind of gut-wrenching, you know?

Yeah, it is.

I've been thinking about who I would send home tonight, and I-I really don't know.

My decision is so hard.

Ryan told me last night that he couldn't believe that I was giving up on just the chance of seeing where things could go, and it's really stuck with me in relation to the guys that I have left.

I don't want to give up on the chance that something really great could happen with any of them.

I can't believe how many different ways my heart is being pulled.

It's like a physical pain that I feel.

I'm gonna be really sad.

Fellas, this has been a once-in-a-lifetime experience, spending the week with Emily here in Dubrovnik, Croatia, but it's also been another very important week as once again, she's proven to you guys just how serious she's taking all of this.

Chris, you already have a rose tonight. Nothing to worry about.

Congratulations.

As for the rest of you, four roses to hand out.

One of you will be on a plane back to the United States tonight.

I wish you all the best.

And if you're ready, here's Emily.

Thank you.

(Exhales deeply)

Each of you are so wonderful, and that makes these decisions so hard.

You all are so deserving of love, and that's why I can stand here and look at each of you and say that I'm not 100% confident in my decision.

I know that falling in love is a huge risk, and I know that I'm taking a huge risk in my decision tonight, but thank you, guys, so much for just always making me feel so great.

♪

Sean.

Sean, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Thank you.

Jef.

Jef, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Thanks.

Thanks.

Arie.

Arie, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Emily, gentlemen, this is the final rose tonight.

When you're ready.

Thanks.

♪

Chris: Hey.

Hey. Sorry.

What are you doing?

Can I talk to you for a second?

Yeah, what's up?

Um, so I don't know what to do.

She's obviously having a tough time.

Chris: Yeah.

It's a tough deal.

(Exhales deeply)

(Whispers) I love rose ceremonies. Love them.

I told you from the beginning, there are no rules here.

You do what you want to do.

I-I've sent guys home, and I know it's hard, but I know I can do it.

So...

Doug and John?

Mm-hmm.

Are you sure?

I am.

Okay.

Thank you.

I'll take that.

Thank you.

Do you want to go talk to the guys?

Yeah.

Okay.

(Sighs deeply)

I'm sorry.

John, Doug, um, I...

Stand here and I start to second-guess my decisions and I just-- I had to go talk to Chris, and, I, um, I realized that I couldn't hand out the final rose.

(Exhales deeply)

(Door squeaks)

Emily, the extra rose you asked for.

Thank you so much.

When you're ready.

Thank you.

I have so much on my mind right now.

I just-- I don't want to make any mistakes.

And I am really happy with my decision to give out an extra rose tonight.

John.

Even though tonight I saw so much more in John I've been dying to see, there are still a lot of things that I feel like I don't know, and I still want to learn.

John, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Doug.

I feel like I had such a great day with Doug tonight and I could see a change in his personality just as we were talking.

Doug, would you accept this rose?

Yeah, I would.

Thank you.

No, thank you.

(Speaks indistinctly)

Thanks.

The one thing that I saw in both John and Doug tonight was the fact that they listened to what I said to them and made an effort to show me more and give me more and move to the next step, and I feel like we did tonight.

Mm.

(Exhales deeply)

I'm really, really happy.

I get to hang out another week.

I get to spend more time with Emily.

You know, maybe she needs to come to Seattle and hang out.

John: I'm pumped.

I am thrilled.

We're down to six guys, and she's only starting to scratch the surface with me.

I want to be there in the end.

I know you guys are all probably wondering where we're headed to next.

It's one of the most beautiful cities in all of Europe, and what I think is the perfect place to fall in love.

So we are headed to Prague.

Wow.

Cheers.

Man: Amazing.

That's really amazing. Cheers.

Cheers.

Man: You gotta stop talking to my girl.

Next week on the bachelorette"...

That is so cool!

Emily: I am so happy to be here in Prague.

Look at that.

This city is so romantic.

Man: Emily is everything that I want in a woman.

If things keep going this way, nothing will make me happier.

Man: I think I'd be the luckiest guy in the world to have a future with her.

Man: I could see myself marrying this girl.

Chris: I took time with Emily for granted.

Tonight's definitely a big night.

Chris: I don't feel right.

This became, like, super serious.

'Cause I'm really worried now.

I couldn't miss out on this opportunity with... the perfect girl.

Emily, I-I really need to talk to you.

And then...

The truth finally comes out about Arie's former relationship with a producer.

Like, he doesn't think that it's appropriate to say, "hey, you know your friend that you run around with all the time?"

I used to date her.

Woman: I just don't think it's come up.

It's like a weird thing.

It's come up.

It's all coming up next week on...

How's it going?

Come on.

All right.

Man: What the hell?

Chris: That's a horse.

Nah, that's a donkey.

So in Croatia, it's customary for men to ride donkeys into battle.

(Men laugh)

Jef: Oh, it is? Okay.

So pick one. Any one.

There's no way...

(Laughs) (Donkey brays)

My ass hurts.

(Donkey brays)

My guy is really boney, man.

I seriously feel like I'm getting violated right now.

My guy doesn't want to cooperate.

My donkey is leaving.

Oh no!

Oh, my God.

Oh, my God!

Don't ride over me.

No, don't go that way.

Mine's leaving.

I don't wanna keep him.

This is a mess.