Tonight on...

Emily: I'm in for the time of my life.

The man I'm supposed to be with for the rest of my life is in this group of guys.

I'm just very glad I'm here.

Me, too.

Man: I am really into this girl.

Emily: This could not have been a more perfect date.

Man: Today has just been mind-bl*wing.

Man: Wow.

Man: Emily is the most gorgeous woman that I've ever talked to in my whole life.

Emily: I really see a future with him.

This time will be forever.

Man: I've never experienced something so romantic in my entire life.

There's nowhere else I'd rather be right now.

I've brought some friends with me today.

If anybody knows how to put on a variety show, it's these guys.

Ah!

Men: Hey!

How's it going?

(Singsongy) Kissy, kissy!

Man: Wow. We didn't expect muppets.

Are you guys ready to put on a show?

This is crazy right now.

I can't believe I'm dancing with the muppets.

(All) ♪ the dreamers and me we're gonna to have to do something extremely embarrassing.

That's all that's going through my mind.

You are going to be doing stand-up comedy tonight.

Ahh!

You make me nervous.

It's crucial to get time tonight.

You know, this could be our last night here.

I don't like you. I wouldn't like me either if I were you, bro.

But fortunately, I'm me.

Is something bothering you?

It is hard.

It's very hard.

Emily: I didn't know it was gonna hurt this bad.

(Sniffles)

You gotta be kidding me.

Man: I did not see that coming.

It's all coming up on...

Man: High above Charlotte--

Inside, locals say Charlotte's Emily Maynard will be courted by dozens of bachelors.

Some speculate that "The Bachelorette" is being filmed in Charlotte so Maynard can stay close to home with her young daughter.

Many residents are hoping that Emily's search for true love could shine a spotlight on Charlotte for the world to see.

Scott Wickersham, Channel 9 Eyewitness News.

♪

(Quacking)

Hey!

Hi!

Last night was so awesome.

I'm really, really happy to be in Charlotte.

Hey, ladies!

Woman: Hi!

To have Ricki here, to have my mom here, to have friends and great family...

This is my town, you know?

I feel comfortable here.

Can't wait to hear all about it.

I know. Girl talk.

I have a great support system here in Charlotte.

All of Ricki's friends' moms, they're some of the best friends I've ever had.

So are you excited about your date tonight?

Yeah. I'm nervous.

Just be yourself, and then everything will fall into place.

Yeah.

Today is my very first date of this whole experience, and I am so excited.

Thank you taking Ricki to soccer practice.

No problem. We'll do whatever you need us to do.

Anything she needs.

Thank you, guys, so much.

We're always here.

All right, I will see you guys a little later.

(Birds chirping)

Chris: Gentlemen!

Come join me in the courtyard, please!

All right.

Have a seat.

Well, I know Emily made a big first impression on all of you, and I know you're anxious to see her again.

So let me tell you how this works.

Each week, you'll be going on dates with Emily--

Group dates and one-on-one dates.

They'll be roses up for grabs on each date.

If you get a rose, you're safe for the next rose ceremony.

Now let me tell you about the individual dates.

They're a little more complicated.

You need to have your bags packed because if Emily decides to not give you a rose on these dates, then you'll be going home immediately.

A word of advice--

Not all of you will be going on dates this week.

If and when you get time with Emily, take advantage of it because it may be the only time you have with her.

Who goes on what dates or who doesn't get a date?

Well, you'll find out as the date cards arrive.

I have your first one right here.

Whoo.

I will leave it with you.

Fellas, enjoy the house.

Have a good week.

And I hope to see all of you at the next rose ceremony.

Men: Thanks, Chris.

This just got real.

Yep.

I can't even describe how badly I want my name on that date card.

It would mean a lot because I think I'd really get the chance to show Emily who I really am.

Date card, please have my name on you.

You guys ready?

Yep.

Oh, yeah.

Ryan... Be my king in the queen city.

Emily."

Ow!

Whoo!

Man!

Ohh!

All right.

Got the first one.

To hear my name called, I was not necessarily surprised.

Much like going into a ball game, I'm never expecting to lose.

But I'm-- I'm fired up.

This is the first opportunity to go on a date with Emily, and I'm chosen.

"Be my king in the queen city."

What do you think it means?

I don't know. What I do know is that my pastor always said, "if you treat a woman like a queen, then she'll treat you like a king."

The idea of her walking off with Ryan, knowing that he is with the girl that I wanna be with...

It's really frustrating.

Uh, but at the same time, this date for Ryan is all or nothing.

He's either gonna come home with a rose, or...

Best-case scenario is that, um, he's not gonna come home at all.

Kalon: Being here in Charlotte is overwhelming.

It's like the frat house from hell...

On steroids. (Chuckles)

The date card has shown up, and it's for Ryan.

All of us were surprised, I think, in a-- in a bad way.

We all selfishly wanna have some time with Emily.

Ryan, you excited?

How you feeling?

I'm excited, man.

I'm jealous.

I'm jealous that, uh, I gotta spend the whole day sitting here, hanging out with a bunch of dudes, and he's gonna be with a gorgeous woman.

Hello.

Men: Oh.

Hey.

Hey.

Have you guys had a good time?

Very good.

Yeah?

Emily walked in, and she looks amazing.

Her in her regular clothes--

She looks even better than she did last night, which is kind of hard to believe.

Ryan: Are you ready or what?

(Chuckles) I'm ready.

Are you?

Awesome.

Can I take your hand?

Yeah. Awesome.

(Men speak indistinctly) All right.

I'll see you guys later.

See you guys.

See ya.

Emily: I don't know that much about Ryan yet.

He seems like a very nice gentleman, but he makes me a little bit nervous, just 'cause he's so good-looking.

I mean, the last guy that I really dated was Brad, and crazy good-looking, and we all know how that turned out, so...

We'll see.

♪

Where do you think we're going right now?

I have no idea.

This could be the first date that I have with my, uh, future wife.

I'm-- I'm just excited to find out what she has planned for the day.

I have a feeling it's gonna be something incredibly special.

You know, maybe a plane ride or, like, a hot air balloon ride. That'd be pretty cool.

To be very honest with you, I'm open to do whatever.

Yeah?

Anytime.

I'm sure that Ryan's probably thinking of all the past dates and wondering, like, what bridge he's gonna be jumping off or what helicopter he's gonna be going on, but what I have planned is something completely different.

This is my house.

This is your house?

Yeah. This is where I live.

So am I coming in?

Yeah. You're gonna help me pull in some groceries.

(Door closes)

All right.

All those right there.

(Laughs)

Emily: Usually these dates are always so glamorous and over-the-top, but as a single mom, the things I do aren't really that glamorous all the time, so it's really important for me to find somebody that fits in with my everyday life.

Ricki has soccer practice today.

Really?

And I'm snack mom.

And so you're gonna help me make cookies today.

I get to bake?

Yes. Are you a good baker?

Awesome.

(Packaging rustling)

It's been a while.

You don't watch the bachelor" and think that you're gonna be cooking cookies on the first date...

Chocolate chip?

Chocolate chip.

Oh, yeah.

But I'm willing to do most anything, you know, for Emily.

(Laughs)

(Rattles) (Chuckles)

You're doing a great job.

I'm impressed.

I'm just doing whatever you tell me to do.

Yeah. I think--

Isn't that doing a good job?

Oh, that's fabulous.

This is absolutely embarrassing.

It has, like, room for not--

Girl parts?

Man ch-- Not man chest.

Emily: You know, I could tell he was, like, a little bit uncomfortable, but he went along with it, and I thought that was really cool.

All right, let's hurry up and finish these cookies, so that I can look like a man again.

Okay.

(Laughs)

We're hanging out in her kitchen, and, um, you know, I'm thinking to myself that this is exactly what life could be like if, you know, I was a part of her life.

Isn't that kinda really how life is?

I know. This is it.

(Chuckles)

This is what you're signing up for.

This is it.

You want to run for the hills yet?

Cool.

No, I'm good.

(Chuckles)

Ryan: Baking cookies can be romantic.

Me helping her, you know, in her day-to-day life, her seeing that, you know, I can step in and be a part of what she does every day, uh, there's romance in that.

Ladies first.

(Mouth full) It's good.

Emily: I think it's too early to tell how Ryan would be and how Ryan would treat me in a marriage, but he totally passed the cookie test.

I'm glad you're here.

♪

Were you jealous of Ryan, him going on the date?

Yeah, especially when I saw her dressed down. It was like...

God.

She looked real.

Real. That's exactly right.

She looked real. Right.

Do you think Ryan's gonna meet Ricki today?

I honestly think the only guys that are gonna meet Ricki... Mnh-mnh.

Are probably the final two or the final one.

I mean, you probably know best.

You-- I mean, you have a child.

What? What do you think?

No.

Man: No.

My son's almost 12, and I wouldn't.

You have a 6-year-old daughter, like, nobody's meeting your 6-year-old daughter on a first date.

Right. Not gonna happen.

Man: You don't know if this person's a serial k*ller or not.

But what if they're absolutely just hitting it off?

(Indistinct conversations)

Okay.

Ricki's here, and, um...

Mm-hmm.

I'm really a protective mama, so I'm not really ready for her to meet everybody yet and meet you yet.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I'm gonna take this stuff down there, and then I will be right back.

Soccer mom.

Okay.

You got it in park"?

Yeah.

We're good.

Ryan: I absolutely respect the fact that she asked me to sit in the car.

You know, I don't think that just anybody should be introduced to her daughter at any point, you know, even as-- just as a friend.

(Girls cheering) Hey.

Hey, sweet girl.

Okay. Let's see-- let's see what we got in here.

Who wants a juice box?

(Girls) Me!

Okay.

Ryan: Today is going great.

Don't get me wrong.

I mean, I'd love to be taken away on a jet or whatever else, uh, on these big, um, adventures, but to be a part of her day, I mean, that is a great--

That is a great honor for me to have that with Emily Maynard.

You guys have fun, okay?

Okay, mommy.

Bye, sweet girl.

I love you. (Kisses)

Dude, I am so lucky to be here in this situation.

I'm game for whatever she has planned.

Thank you.

You're welcome.

How about that?

Did you bring a couple boxes for us?

I did. I stole some.

Um, thank you so much.

I've had so much fun today.

It takes a really cool guy to be totally okay with making cookies for my kid and running all my errands with me.

I'm sure this is totally what you had in mind for today, huh?

(Chuckles) This is awesome.

I can't tell you how great this is.

(Laughs)

I'm, like, cherishing this, because this is you.

I'm not--

Mm-hmm.

You're not putting on a show for me...

Yep.

And I feel like today we've definitely connected, you know?

Well, cool. Me, too.

I'm glad you feel that way.

Yeah.

I'm glad it's not just, you know, in my head...

No, it's not in your head.

Crazy t--

Crazy thinkin'.

It's all out here in my head, too, and around us, so...

Well, good.

Good, but the day is not over.

So what do we have planned?

Next, we're, um, gonna go to Chuck E. Cheese...

Are you kidding me?

And you're gonna wrangle a bunch of, like, crazy, sugar-hyped-up 6-year-olds.

I got this.

No, I'm just kidding.

Um, first I'm gonna take you to get ready, and then I'm gonna pick you up.

We're gonna go to dinner.

It's gonna be fun.

Let's do it.

I'm gonna get out of my mom clothes. (Chuckles)

Mom clothes is good, though.

Yeah?

Yeah.

I feel very, very good about being chosen for this, and I feel pretty good about where things are now, just being able to spend the time that I did with Emily today.

I found her so attractive this afternoon, just dressed down into, you know, her mom wear," as she calls it, and just being herself.

Oh, wow.

You look nice.

Lady in red.

When I stepped out of the hotel, wow.

Whoa, man.

Red dress, heels.

That's pretty sexy.

Look at this.

It's all you.

So I'm driving now?

Yep. You're the boss man.

Ooh. Look at this car.

♪

Emily: Today Ryan saw me as a regular mom, dealing with my regular mom job.

I'm looking forward to showing Ryan a fun night out in Charlotte.

Oh, my God.

Charlotte is a small town, and when there's something going on, everybody knows about it.

Emily is definitely a hometown hero to these people, and they just love her.

Emily: I am beyond flattered by all the support that I have here in Charlotte.

You know, like, I feel like we're all friends.

Oh, look at all of this.

This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.

Wow. I would imagine this is, uh, for us.

Yeah.

I know it's the first date, but I don't get a whole lot of time with these guys.

Oh, I'm nervous.

I learned so much from my relationship with Brad--

Just the mistakes I made and not, you know, asking the hard questions.

Tonight, if I'm feeling it, I'm gonna ask it.

So we will toast to you having a wonderful experience here and then you finding what you're looking for and me being very hopeful that it's me.

(Clink) Cheers.

It is good.

Yeah, it is good.

So I have some questions.

Okay.

Um, you know, I hear you talk about your girlfriend sometimes...

Okay.

And is it the same one?

No, not my girlfriend.

Oh, your ex-girlfriend.

My ex-girlfriend.

That's a, uh, a big difference.

Is it the same one?

Like, how many have you had?

I've had two relationships that have really meant something, you know, to me.

I think I've always known that the type of girl that I want to be with is somebody that isn't just gonna come to me but that I have to really step out of my own comfort zone and really pursue this person, and that's what I really want, too.

Well, I have a question.

Okay.

You say, "I want to chase after a girl," but, you know, it can't be cat and mouse forever.

No, no, no, no.

At-- at some point, you have to say, "I do. I love you.

I love you." Yeah. Yeah.

And then it's-- Chase is over.

You know, you got her.

You got the girl.

But why is the chase over?

Then what?

But you got the girl.

I got the girl.

She's not going anywhere.

Yeah. You came with some hard questions tonight.

Well, what do you do after that?

Goodness!

What do you do after--

'Cause I've been through that.

What do you do after that?

Yeah.

Am I sweating?

Because I--

Because this whole deal--

Am I sweating right now?

Well, like, that's my biggest fear going through all-- This whole experience...

Yeah. Understandable.

Is that people see it as a game.

Like, "oh, I won."

Sure.

I like to think either you fall in love or you don't.

I don't ever want anybody to see this as, like, a competition.

Like, you know what I mean?

Well, I think a lot of guys will see it as a competition.

That's just guys, you know, but--

Yeah, but I don't--

I don't want to be the prize that you win at the end. You don't want to be the prize of somebody's competition.

Yeah, I don't want to be the-- the game.

I understand.

I want somebody--

Well, that's-- that's very understandable that you feel that way, and I think that that's why you need to really protect yourself and you need to make sure that you pick the right guy that has the right intentions.

Mm-hmm. You should know that I am going to...

Compete, in a sense that I want to put my best foot forward with you, but I also want to reveal to you who I really am, and I don't need to be with somebody just to be with somebody, you know?

Like, I want somebody that's gonna, you know, really, uh, make me a better person, you know, that's-- that I'm gonna be inspired by, and here's a-- here's a difficult question for you.

I mean, this is something you have to think about. Sure.

If things were to work out with us, are you gonna be open to allowing a man to come in and really, um, treat Ricki the same way that he's gonna treat the other children that he has with you?

Mm-hmm.

You know, because I wouldn't want there to be a difference at all.

Yeah.

I want a guy that can come in and, you know, really see his life here, w-with me in my everyday life, with Ricki, and-- and really feel confident in that.

Once that time comes, like, I'll gladly, gladly hand over control.

I'm tired of being in c--

In charge.

I want somebody else to kinda come in and, you know, be the boss.

Obviously, I'd really be in charge, but I-I would let a guy pretend like-- I understand.

And a smart man would understand that.

I would pretend like he was in charge...

Yeah.

But we would both know.

Yeah.

(Giggles)

(Doorbell rings)

Hey, boys.

Look what I got.

Men: Oh!

Date card!

Look at that.

All right. Pull it out.

Let's go. Let's hear it.

"Alejandro..."

Hey!

Men: Yeah!

"Nate..."

Man: Nate.

"Alessandro..."

(Man chuckles)

"Tony..."

Men: Tony!

"Michael, John, Jef, Charlie, Kyle..."

Yes!

"Chris, Aaron, "Stevie, and Kalon.

Let's set the stage for love."

It's clear, though, one thing--

We're gonna be on a stage.

It's gonna be some kind of theater.

I hope it's not that (Bleep).

The date card said, "let's set the stage for love," so we all assumed that it was having something to do with the theater.

I think that makes a few of the guys a little nervous.

I embrace the stage.

Uh, if it is the theater, I-I think I'll be in my element and-- and right at home.

Uh, I was Pinocchio in my first-grade play, so I'm fine.

Man: What's-- what's the--

Are you flying in on a helicopter, Kalon?

Yeah, are y'all flying?

I mean, what...

No.

(Speaks indistinctly)

I'm going with you guys.

♪

I've never experienced being in the presence of somebody so beautiful, but I find you to be most attractive today in your kitchen, you know...

Thank you.

When we were--

We were just making cookies, and you were telling me about your life... (Chuckles)

Really?

And I was like...

(Singsongy) I kinda like her.

Really?

(Laughs)

Yeah, and I'm excited about that.

Cool.

Me, too.

I still gotta get past that rose, actually.

Emily: I really do like Ryan, but I almost worry that he's too perfect.

He reminds me of Brad in that way, and obviously that didn't work out for me, but I really do want to end up with somebody, and I know that the only way that's gonna happen is by taking some chances.

So...

First of all, I want to say thank you for just being so cool and not being bummed out that you didn't get some over-the-top, crazy date.

Um, I just really like you a lot, and I feel comfortable around you, and, um, this could not have been a more perfect first date for me.

Or me.

Ryan, would you please accept this rose?

I would love to have that rose.

Awesome.

You got it?

There you go.

Thank you.

Thank you.

I really appreciate that.

Getting the rose was such an incredible thing.

I was just like, yes, I am really into this girl.

Don't make this easy on me.

I want you to make this tough on me.

You alr--

You made it clear from the beginning, you're all about the chase.

Honey, I'm gon' give you a chase, if you ask for it.

Ooh, lord. I'm ready.

You're in for it.

This southern boy knows how to chase.

Get on it.

I can run.

Okay, well--

Can you run?

You have no idea.

All right.

Let's h*t it.

We get up.

I-I'm kinda thinking we're leaving, we're going somewhere else, so we're walking out, and I'm thinking I'm gonna walk out to the car again, but she's got something else in mind.

Thank you.

(Cheering)

After the long day he had with me earlier, I have one more surprise for Ryan, and I'm so excited about it.

I felt like I owed it to him to really save something special for the evening, so one of my favorite bands, Gloriana, is gonna play for us.

(Playing "(Kissed you good night")

♪ I dropped you off ♪
♪ just a little after midnight ♪
♪ sat in my car ♪
♪ till you turned off your porch light ♪
♪ I should've kissed you ♪
♪ just like I wasn't scared at all ♪
♪ I turned off the car ♪
♪ ran through the yard ♪
♪ back to your front door ♪

Ryan: What a night, man, to be able to hold on to her, pull her in close and dance.

We're-- we're really connecting with each other.

♪ And I've kissed you ♪
♪ good night ♪

Emily: Ryan is such a great guy.

He makes me feel good about myself, and I really see a future with him.

♪ It's a good night, good night ♪
♪ baby, good night ♪

Emily: This date really has been perfect.

If this is any testament to how the rest of the dates are gonna go, I'm in for the time of my life.

♪ And I kissed you ♪
♪ it's a good night, good night ♪
♪ baby, good night ♪

(cheering)

♪ It's a good night, good night ♪
♪ baby, good night ♪

(cheering)

Coming up...

So I brought some friends with me today.

Ahh!

Men: Hey!

(Miss Piggy, singsongy) Kissy, kissy!

Wow. We didn't expect muppets.

Are you guys ready to put on a show?

Men: Yeah!

Oh, my God. Like, I've got to perform in front of people.

I mean, we were all nervous, but there was something kinda different with Charlie.

You have a second?

Yeah, of course.

Do you feel like Emily put being a mom on hold? Well, yeah.

Wow. Be-- be really careful.

Well, I'm sorry if you misunderstood that.

Just back up and then apologize.

I think Kalon speaks before he thinks sometimes.

That's gonna eventually get him into some trouble.

I feel like it's a really good start.

Today I have to focus on 13 different guys rather than just one guy, so I hope I can do it.

Welcome to the theater.

Man, I'm excited.

So my date card said, "let's set the stage for love."

We're gonna be doing something a little bit different to benefit something that's really important to me and close to my heart, so I hope the guys were to come out of their shell a little bit.

I hope I'm able to come out of my shell a little bit.

(Laughs) There she is.

Y'all look good even when you're not in fancy suits.

Yikes. That is a lot of guys.

Hmm. (Sighs)

Hi, Emily. How are you?

Hey.

I've got my first real date with Emily.

Excited y'all are here.

How ya doin'?

Unfortunately, there is, like, 12 other guys tagging along.

Hey.

I'm excited to spend time with her.

I'm excited to see what we have planned. I have no idea.

So as you can tell probably from the date card and this beautiful theater we're in, we're gonna be doing some performing today.

(Chuckles) God, please, no.

Singing, dancing...

(Man whispers) Ohh.

Ooh. (Chuckles)

Comedy, and what other cool things y'all have up your sleeves.

How ya feelin'?

Man: Yeah.

Let's have some fun.

I'm terrified.

We're also raising money for a charity that's really, really important to me--

The Ricky Hendrick center for intensive care at the levine children's hospital right here in Charlotte.

This charity's important to Emily, so competition on this date's gonna be fierce.

Hopefully, you know, some guys step on their own feet and I'm there at the end of the date with the rose.

So I brought some friends with me today, and if anybody knows how to put on a variety show, it's these guys, and they need no introduction.

Oh!

Ahh.

Men: Hey!

Hello, fellas.

(Singsongy) Kissy, kissy!

Nice to see you all.

Hello.

Growing up, I lived off the muppets," and you have Miss Piggy and Kermit.

(Chuckles) Yes.

I was like, "holy (Bleep)."

(Chuckles) I'm so excited.

This is so cool.

(Man speaks indistinctly)

I mean, wow.

We didn't expect that.

It was a big thing, growing up watching the muppets," and it was just a very surreal experience.

Are you guys ready to put on a show?

Oh, yeah.

Absolutely.

(Imitating Kermit)

Kermit the frog here, and, Emily, I think you should pick Tony.

He's the handsomest, most beautiful man in the world.

Listen, fellas, we've got a big show to put on for a very good 'cause, you know?

Mm-hmm. Yes.

Mm-hmm. Looks like we got some good material here.

Yeah.

Emily has a lot of great-looking guys.

Ohh. I tell ya, if she wants to give me any of the leftovers, I'll take 'em.

I think I can especially work with you.

Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course.

(Chuckles) Mm-hmm.

Whew. Is it getting hot in here, or is it just me?

Oh, boy!

The show's tonight, and we're looking forward to it.

We hope we raise a lot of money for a wonderful charity.

Right, Emily?

Yes.

I'm really excited.

Thank you guys so much.

Yeah. Yeah, Emily.

Okay.

Yeah. I'm super excited.

Yeah. Yeah.

All right. Yeah.

Well, don't just stand there!

Get to work!

Let's get to it.

Come on! Let's rehearse!

Okay. All right.

That's all. Whoo-hoo!

All right. You guys ready?

That's right.

Yeah.

Let's do it.

(Men speak indistinctly)

You are the gentlemen chosen to do the dance number.

Love it.

Perfect.

So I couldn't sing or dance before today.

(All) One, two, three, four.

As of today, I'm officially a dancer.

"Rainbow connection"?

Thank you.

I would definitely rather be dancing at this point.

(All) ♪ the dreamers and me but being with Kermit onstage was kinda unreal.

Do you ever get bacon for breakfast?

Uh, yeah, well, that's a pretty touchy issue... (Laughs)

Around our place.

(Chuckles) Yeah.

You know, I hope Miss Piggy doesn't get distracted today, but, uh, with all the bachelors around, uh, I think there's just every chance that'll happen.

Guys, I am here to help you.

Fozzie bear to the rescue!

We're gonna have to do something extremely embarrassing.

That's all that's going through my mind.

You are all going to be doing stand-up comedy tonight.

Ahh!

Yeah? Yeah, Charlie?

Charlie's extremely nervous.

You could tell by his emotions that he's not wanting to do this at all.

One last tip for you guys.

Be funny, okay?

(Men chuckle)

I-I mean, we were all nervous, but there was something kinda different with Charlie, and none of us knew why.

This is gonna be crazy.

(Exhales deeply)

Being out there by myself in front of a stage of strangers and knowing my insecurities about speaking, it really struck fear in my heart.

♪

Ryan: So, guys, so what do you think...

Man: What do you--

About the date today, man?

What do you think they're doing, man?

I have no idea.

Something about a stage. With the--

How do y'all think Charlie's doing?

I don't know. He--

Charlie's a guy that's been through a lot, you know, and he-- he's talked about--

Has he?

Yeah.

Has he?

Charlie fell off of a 15-foot balcony and crushed his face and stuff, man.

Like, right on his face.

He was in a coma.

Uh, he's had to learn to, like, read again and talk.

Mm-hmm.

Wow. 'Cause you don't know that about the guy.

No. Here's a big ol' guy that you're like--

Yeah, I know. I know. I didn't know that.

A super confident guy that's big and-- I really haven't got a chance to get to know him much, so I hope he puts himself out there.

I hope so, too.

Hey.

Hi.

What's up?

Do you have a second?

Yeah, of course.

What's going on?

Nothing. Just wanted to come in here and hang out for a little bit.

Oh, cool.

Um... (Sighs)

Oops.

What's up?

(Door closes)

Well, it's kind of embarrassing, to be honest with you, um, but I was... issued on the-- the comedy side of the skit.

Uh-huh.

Um... I don't know if I'll be able to do that just yet.

I have a speech problem that I'm still going through. Okay.

I told you it's kinda difficult for me to talk, um, and I think with my insecurities with-- with my disability, I'm just not ready to go out there by myself.

No, I totally don't blame you.

Truly and honestly, like, I--

And I'm not just saying this 'cause you're sitting here--

Like, I would have had no idea that you were having any kind of trouble with anything.

Like, you are very confident and, you know...

I still have a lot of confidence within myself...

Yeah.

But there's a lot of insecurities that I'm still dealing with.

If there's--

Like, maybe the singing or the-- I mean, I'll go out there and I'll dance.

"Rainbow connection"?

Can I do it?

Totally. I would love that.

Are you kidding me?

All right. Good.

Yeah.

If Charlie hadn't told me that he had some troubles from his accident still, I would have no idea that he had a hard time speaking.

Good.

Well, thank you, em.

No. Of course.

I'm excited.

I just want today to be about having fun, and if he's not having fun, we need to do something different.

(Chuckles) You're so sweet.

It'll be fine. I promise, and you're never gonna have this chance again.

What's the difference between Kermit and Stevie?

Kermit would never wear that hat.

(Both laugh)

It's gonna be a big performance, uh, but I'm--

I'm getting jacked up.

I think I'm gonna nail this thing.

I-I think we're ready.

All right, man.

Well, we'll see-- We'll see you later.

Okay. Take care, guys.

You guys ready to do this or what?

(Whispers) Yeah. (Sighs)

Man: Absolutely.

Ready as I'll ever be.

Packed crowd. Stage is set.

Right.

Oh, yes.

We're lookin' good.

Let's do this.

Let's do this.

Let's go, guys.

Come on.

Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go!

And go, go, go!

Let's go, boys. Let's go.

Game time, boys.

Game time.

Showtime.

I'm really excited to see what happens and, you know, see if these guys can actually handle it.

Oh. Oh, excuse me, Emily.

I didn't know you were in here.

Oh, hey, Kermit. Come on in.

Hmm?

Oh, uh, well, listen, I-I don't want to bother you.

Are you kidding me?

Mm.

You could never bother me.

Yeah? But I do need some help getting ready.

Would you mind zipping me up?

Oh.

Uh-- uh, sure.

(Clears throat)

Let's see, um...

(Zips)

There we go.

Ohh.

Yeah.

Thank you so much.

(Miss Piggy gasping)

You're welcome.

Uh, anything for you, Emily.

(Chuckles) What would I do without you, Kermie?

Oh, well, that's sweet.

(Chuckles)

(Miss Piggy) Out of my way!

(Thud, crash) Oh!

Oh. Oh.

Hmm!

Yikes.

Hmm.

Oh, well. (Chuckles)

Uh, break a leg. Good show.

Thank you so much.

(Chuckles) Yeah.

I'm so excited.

Yeah.

You know, uh, I don't have that much experience zipping zippers, but, um, I think I kinda liked that. (Chuckles)

(Sighs) If I see the bachelorette flirting with my Kermie just once, it's hiya!" Time!

(Indistinct conversations) Thank you guys for giving to the children's hospital.

Charlotte's turned out big-time. It's good.

It was a real big theater.

I mean, 500-plus people there.

It was a packed house.

It definitely gets your adrenaline going.

You guys ready?

Just a little nervous, but we're ready...

Let's go.

And just knowing it was all for charity--

That feels really cool.

Let's do this.

Emily: I am really nervous.

I'm not a singer.

I'm not a dancer.

Knowing my mom and my daughter are out in the audience today is a lot of pressure.

Today's is gonna be pretty scary.

Emily's not gonna get any attention today.

All eyes are gonna be on moi.

It's the muppet bachelorette" show with our very special guest--

Emily Maynard!

(High-pitched voice) Yay!

♪

(Cheering)

(Giggles, singsongy)

Hello, boys.

Emily--

She looks just fantastic.

Uh, well, I am jealous they're getting to dance and be close to her.

Excuse me. Ahem.

(Chuckles)

This is crazy right now.

I can't believe I'm actually dancing with the muppets.

Emily looks fantastic with the sassiness and the energy and everything putting out.

Whoa!

(Thuds)

Really hard to even concentrate on my dancing... (Chuckles)

When I'm looking at her.

♪

(Cheers and applause)

(Chuckles) Oh, thank you.

Thank you. (Chuckles)

Oh! (Chuckles) Oh.

I didn't see you there.

(Chuckles) Ah, yes.

Okay, that's enough!

I gotta go change for my next number!

(Laughter)

Say, that wasn't half bad.

(Chuckles) Oh!

No, it was all bad.

Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho!

Oh. Hey, wait a minute.

Who are you?

Where's Waldorf?

He called in sick.

You didn't hear?

Oh, I wish I had thought of that.

(Honks) (Amplified voice) Ah!

(Cheering)

Wocka wocka wocka wocka!

I'm fozzie bear, and I am here to introduce to you a couple of my new favorite young comics--

Kyle and John!

I definitely wanted to perform in front of Emily today.

I wanted to show her that I could kinda shine and be funny.

(Amplified voice)

What did Kermit say to Miss Piggy when she ate all the cookies?

(Audience) What?

Don't be such a pig.

Oink, oink. (Chuckles)

(Audience) Ohh.

You call that a joke?

(Amplified voice)

But you know what the difference is between you and Kermit?

No.

Kermit's actually funny.

Oh! (Laughs)

(Laughter)

Ha ha ha ha ha ha!

That's a pity laugh.

♪

Thank you. Thank you.

Yes, it is.

It is moi, Miss Piggy, and welcome to "Miss Piggy live"!

(Laughs)

Please help me welcome Aaron, Jef, and Charlie!

(Cheers and applause)

My first thought was, like, oh, my God, like, I've got to perform in front of people.

(Cheering)

I'm sorry.

I'm just sweating thinking about the stage.

Please, please have a seat.

Have a seat. Thank you.

So we're called up onstage, and it's almost like, uh, "the dating game."

Recite a romantic poem that you make up right here on the spot!

Go!

Roses are red.

Violets are blue.

Emily, I want to get to know you.

Ohh.

(Audience) Aw.

(Chuckles)

Show me how you'd propose to me.

Show you how I'd propose to you?

Yes.

I'm sitting in this chair, and I'm just, like, looking out at the audience.

Okay. (Chuckles) Okay.

I'm like, oh, my gosh.

(Chuckles) Here we go.

Then I look back at Emily, and she just laughed...

(Chuckles)

And so I get up, and I-I propose to Miss Piggy.

Miss Piggy?

Yes?

I think you're the most beautiful girl in the world...

Mm-hmm.

And I...

Yes?

I would be honored if you would share the rest of your life with me.

Ohh.

(Cheering)

All right. Now, um, you.

I mean, I was...

(Exhales deeply)

It was pretty intimidating.

What do you tell a woman when you want to impress her?

(Laughter)

Okay, remember, Emily is watching.

I know she is.

She's right there.

Yeah.

(Charlie)

Emily's really showed me her patience and her support.

I felt nervous, but I was up for the challenge.

Um, I would probably say that I would remind her every day how beautiful she is, how special she makes me feel, and, um, how lucky I am to have her in my life.

Aw.

(Cheering) So sweet.

Woman: Whoo!

Charlie really came through.

Definitely pretty smooth.

I'm-- I'm impressed.

I was like a proud mama to see Charlie go out there and perform in the show.

And they all went outside their comfort zones and just had fun with it.

And they also raised money for a really great cause, so I'm just-- I'm really happy.

(Cheering)

Aw!

Oh, thank you.

Hey, nice to see ya.

Woman: Whoo!

Hi there, Emily.

How are you?

I cannot even tell you...

Yep?

How excited I am that y'all are here.

But being the bachelorette, h-have you, uh...

Have you met anybody you really like yet?

There are none...

Yep?

As cute as you, Kermit.

Ooh!

(Laughter) Gee.

Y-you ever seen a, uh, a-a green frog turn red?

(Laughs) Well...

But you know what they say--

You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince.

I have, uh, heard that in the course of my career, yep.

You have?

Yeah.

Would it be okay if I tried?

You mean like a-- I could--

I get to be your, uh, your practice frog?

Yeah. Would that be okay?

(Voice cracks)

Well, uh, uh, certainly.

I think that a friendly little, uh, uh-- Yeah. Yeah.

All right.

Yeah.

Here we go.

Mm.

What?!

Aah!

(Thud) Uhh!

Oh, my gosh!

Watch it, sister!

I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself.

Bring it on! Bring it on!

Wait, wait. I-- Piggy!

Piggy, hold on!

No, no, Piggy, listen. Stop.

This-- this-- I think this is a terrible misunderstanding. Yeah.

What, you think that Emily and I...

No, no, no, no. It--

It's strictly a-a platonic--

We're-- we're just friends.

Uh... really.

It's true, Miss Piggy.

Yeah. Kermit loves only you.

You know that.

That-- that's my story, and when I'm around Miss Piggy, I'm sticking to it.

Say it-- "I only love you."

(Speaks indistinctly)

(Sighs) I-I only love you.

You-- you know that.

Oh! (Giggles)

I'm so happy!

Moi picked the right person to be with--

My Kermie.

And he's not the right one for her.

(Laughter)

Emily, you wanna join us in a song?

I would love to.

Yeah?

Um, but I am not a very good singer.

Oh.

But I know the perfect person who would love to come out here and help me.

Who's that?

Um, my daughter Ricki.

Oh, Ricki! Come on up, Ricki!

Emily: Ricki!

(Kermit) Aw!

(Cheering)

Oh, yes!

Hey, sweet girl!

Hi.

Oh! Are you so excited?

(Ricki giggling)

Kalon: Immediately, everyone perked up.

That was the first time, you know, we've seen Ricki.

How are you, Ricki?

Remember?

Good.

Have you had a good day?

Yes.

And she really is just like a beautiful little clone of Emily.

Michael: It was neat because it showed the other side of Emily, which is a huge part of her life.

Okay, maestro.

("Rainbow connection" playing)

Ah, yes.

Ohh. I love this song.

Here we go.

Hang on.

(Kermit and Emily)

♪ why are there so many ♪
♪ songs about rainbows ♪
♪ and what's on the other side? ♪

I have to say that, uh, whoever Emily chooses is one lucky guy.

She's not only beautiful but she's also very nice and-- and grounded and she has a beautiful daughter, and when you get that all in one combination, well, uh, it's good to be a bachelor.

It's a very precious moment to see Emily and Ricki sing onstage.

And she was so happy and excited to see her mom and be able to perform with the muppets.

I'm sure that it's a dream come true for any kid.

I love you.

I love you, too.

Thanks for coming up and working with us.

(Cheering)

(Gasps) You just sang...

(Giggles) With Miss Piggy and Kermit the frog!

Today was such a great day.

That's a moment that Ricki will remember for the rest of her life.

I got to meet Kermit the frog and Miss Piggy, hang out with all the guys, but also I got to raise money for one of my favorite charities.

And I'm really proud to say that we've raised over $20,000 for the levine children's hospital.

(Cheering)

You know, I'm just so happy that we were able to raise so much money for such a great cause.

For some of the guys, do you think we should have them come out and sing?

I definitely think we should.

Miss Piggy, bring 'em out!

You know, Miss Piggy and I have been together for a very long time, and when you've been with somebody that long, you just wish it for everybody else.

And, uh, that's the kind of love I wish for Emily.

Yeah.

Well, all good things must come to an end.

I know that, but when does this show end?

(Laughter)

Come on.

You didn't enjoy the show?

Well, I have to say I'll never forget tonight no matter how hard I try.

(Laughs)

Big hand to everybody!

Come on! Big finish!

(All) ♪ somebody we'll find it ♪
♪ the rainbow connection ♪
♪ the lovers ♪
♪ the dreamers ♪
♪ and me gee, it, uh, may sound corny but I'm sensing a rainbow connection for Emily. (Chuckles)

♪ La da-da-da ♪
♪ da da da la ♪ you and me ♪

(cheering)

Coming up...

So I don't like you.

I wouldn't like me either if I were you, bro.

Stevie and Kalon are not getting along.

I wanna be the guy that talks to her and then gets a rose.

That's who you wanna be?

Is that not the guy we all wanna be?

Just the way he talks--

He just seems like he's a rich kid and stuck up.

No matter how bad it went, it had to be better than hanging out here with these guys.

Kalon: Being here has been ment*lly tough.

The other guys have painted me as the outcast.

I have a rule. If you have Louis Vuitton luggage, and you're a dude, you're an (Bleep).

Oh, my gosh.

I've never experienced something so romantic in my entire life.

I feel fantastic.

Where do you see yourself in, like, five years?

At the end of this, I'll go wherever you ask me to go, and I will start a life.

Well, what does that mean?

For more information on the levine children's hospital, go to abc.Com.

(Thunderclap)

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

♪

Nice view over there.

Gorgeous.

Wow.

(Tony) Today was great.

We got to raise over $20,000 for a great charity.

Singing with the muppets--

Doesn't get any better than that.

There's a rose!

And now I'm really looking forward to getting to know Emily and--and telling her about me.

Oh!

Hello!

That is a beautiful black dress.

Hey, guys. How are you?

Emily comes in wearing a stunning black dress.

Cheers to a good day.

I mean, we had-- we all had fun. Yeah. Cheers.

Chris: There is a rose on the table, and I want that rose, I need that rose, and if I don't get that rose, I'll be very disappointed.

I'm happy to be here right now.

And I feel like the past few days, I've been kind of...

Tossing and turning in my top bunk bed. Really?

You know...

Really?

Because I feel at--

At the beginning of this all that, you know, we kinda had a-- We had a connection.

Yeah, I think so, too.

I mean...

And I felt comfortable.

Well, good.

Very comfortable.

One of the things I like about you most is, like, you...

I'm gonna flatter you a little bit, so...

Uh-oh.

Um, you're so good-looking.

Thank you.

You're really attractive, but you're not, like, the kind of guy that's like, "everybody look at me.

Everybody, you know, pay attention to me," and I think that's really cool.

I'm like, seriously?

Are you complimenting on my looks right now?

You are, like, the most gorgeous woman that I've ever talked to in my whole life.

It was probably one the biggest compliments that I've ever got, and it couldn't have been from a better girl.

I find it hard to believe that any of these guys will have that same connection.

Can I tell you something?

Yeah, sure.

Okay, so...

When I came in here tonight...

Mm-hmm.

I said, where the hell is Jef?

Like, where has he been all day?

Why hasn't he come talk to me?

Either Jef's playing hard to get or he's just not that into me.

Does Jef speak English?

(Laughs) Yes, I speak English.

There are so many times today that I've looked at Jef to, like, kind of give him the eye.

Like, "I think you're cute."

Something.

I know that all these guys are looking to me for, like, some kind of reassurance.

I'm also looking at them for that, too, and I'm just not getting any from Jef.

When I hang out with you, I feel like very, um...

Awkward.

I don't--

Like, I feel like in middle school.

I feel like I'm the annoying younger sister.

I-I feel the same way around you.

Like, "hey, look at me!"

Have you not, like, seen me looking at you?

And that, like, I'll look at you, and you'll catch me.

Like, "yeah," and look away, like, super awkward.

No, I-- No, I haven't noticed that one--

I sw-- I'm not lying to you.

I haven't noticed that one time.

Okay.

I know that look.

Okay.

And I've, like, waited to, like, see that look, and I feel like...

Maybe you've given it to me, but, like, you've given it to other--

Like, a bunch of other guys.

And that's-- It's so hard.

Like, it's so weird for me.

I know.

Like, trust me, I came into this totally skeptical.

I see a lot of how I was and how I still am...

In you.

Really?

Yeah.

Tonight was the best talk I've had with her yet.

And it might-- I-it's probably the best talk anybody's had with her yet.

Well, I'm really glad you talked to me 'cause, like...

It means the world, seriously.

Cool.

(Thunderclap, doorbell rings)

Uh-oh! Y'all sit tight.

Check it out for us.

It's probably Emily.

I'll be back.

(Men laugh)

I was actually relieved that I was not on the big group date because I'm hoping that I'll get the-- the last one-on-one date.

Now if I don't get that one-on-one date, you know, I'm-- I'm gonna be a little nervous.

Arie: Oh! What do we got?

We got another, uh...

(Clapping)

Much anticipated date card.

Ohh, gosh.

Why am I nervous right now?

(Singsongy) Ooh!

Oh...

"Joe...

Come close to my heart.

Emily."

All right, Joe.

Ohh!

Joe: I'm thrilled, man.

I'm excited. I'm pumped.

You know, it's gonna be awesome.

And I'm really looking forward to getting to know her.

"Joe, come close to my heart.

Emily."

That I can do.

This date's gonna be huge.

It's gonna make or break it.

Sean: I thought I was gonna get the one-on-one date, you know.

And for whatever reason, I didn't get a date this week.

As time progresses and you don't those date cards, um, it definitely makes you doubt yourself.

(Thunderclap)

All right, so if you were at your prom...

Okay. Right?

Which would you feel?

Would you feel like, all right, it's like...

More like this? Like, you know, eighth grade dance? And...

Boyz ii men.

Yeah.

'Nsync. Like, sway back and forth, you know?

Would-- would you be more like... high school?

I like to think I'm more high school.

More high school?

Yeah. How about you?

You know what? I've always been a fan of the old school.

You gotta bring the old school back, because classics is what it's all about.

Yeah, I think so, too.

Yeah.

What's going on?

(Charlie)

You gotta come see this.

Tell me. Tell me.

He's down there slow dancing with her.

Not gonna happen.

Dude, like this...

Talking.

No!

It's hilarious.

I kinda wanna see this.

I think you should go.

I'm gonna go look.

Kalon: A lot of the guys' priorities seem to be a little skewed.

Emily: Teach me some moves.

It seems almost as if they'd rather spend their time hanging out with each other than having that opportunity to-- to spend with Emily, which is absolutely bizarre to me.

Emily: You're good!

(Laughs) (Stevie) Turn.

Oh, my God.

(Stifles laugh)

Kalon: So I gotta make sure that I steal her away for a little bit of face time.

I mean, it's-- it's game time.

(Thunderclap)

Hey, guys.

Hey. What's going on?

You giving her two-step lessons?

Hey!

Yeah, a little dancin'.

Yeah.

Do you mind if I cut in?

All right, well...

(Chuckles)

I had a good amount of time.

Thank you so much.

(Kisses)

I'm pissed right now 'cause I was having a great, great time with Emily.

All of a sudden...

Kieran, Kalon...

I don't know...

"Chopper" comes in, and I-I just wish I'd finished the conversation.

I don't care about chopper.

I care about my relationship with Emily.

Please, sit down.

Thank you.

I know it's been a long day for you as well.

It has been, but I'm-- I'm--

I've been looking forward to talking to you.

I know.

I was worried earlier, I'll be honest.

About what?

Why do you need to worry?

I was like, you know, where's Kalon?

I'll be honest.

I've never really had to compete for the attention of a woman.

Well, that's what I was concerned about.

But if I see a beautiful woman such as yourself, I simply get to go and talk to her.

I'm guessing you see a girl, you go talk to her, she's, like, dying for you to come talk to her...

Well-- Before you even notice her.

So...

Well, you're probably giving me too much credit.

No. Mm. Because back home, yes, things are great.

But you know what?

You're not back home.

If there was a girl like you in Texas, then-- then I wouldn't need to be here.

Well... But, I mean, it takes a very specific personality.

Hey, guys.

And-- Hey.

What's up? How you guys doing?

Hey, man.

Hey. I know what you're about to say.

Yes.

Give me two minutes...

Two minutes. And I would be more than happy to, uh...

Yeah, I can't wait two minutes.

To play nice.

You're gonna have to, 'cause I literally just sat down, we're having a great conversation.

I've played-- Been extremely patient.

I feel very torn.

I know, and I don't mean to put you in an awkward position.

So I-I guess it's, uh, decision time.

So we-- we won't.

We'll continue with the-- I'm not gonna put you in that position, obviously.

So enjoy your conversation with-- with Aaron.

He's a great guy.

You are very mature.

Would you like to join me?

Thank you so much.

It was so nice to talk to you.

We'll-- we'll catch up later.

Thank you.

Bye.

I'll see you in a little bit.

Enjoy, guys.

Bye.

Kalon: I was raised a gentleman, never been confrontational because I know better.

I'm sure they get frustrated when they see me spending time with her.

I'm just a little bit more eloquent in how I conduct myself.

So I see him approaching, and I confront it head-on.

I say, "give me two minutes."

I swear, all I ask is two minutes, and she's all yours."

And he's like, "oh, no, I can't do that.

I have to--

I have to take her right now."

And I was like, "I-- Come on, man."

You did the same thing.

I would've rather had five more minutes with her, and then you had five more minutes with her.

And you said someone came and took her from you.

Did I want more? Yes.

Was I gonna be, uh, innocently sitting there, having a conversation with you about it? No.

You'll have that time.

Well, I appreciate it.

Was-- was that your charity of the day towards me?

No.

I was just like, all right, you wanna be the douche.

John: Stevie and Kalon are not getting along with each other.

Kalon's definitely had a different upbringing than Stevie, and vice versa.

So I don't like you.

What's that?

So I don't like you.

I wouldn't like me either if I were you, bro.

Man: Oh, ho ho!

But fortunately, I'm me.

That's who you wanna be?

No problem.

It's exactly who I wanna be.

I... Awesome.

I wanna be the guy that talks to her and then gets a rose.

That's the guy I wanna be.

Okay. Awesome.

Is that not the guy we all wanna be?

Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's the guy we all wanna be.

So cheers to being that guy.

Man: Hey, em.

Emily: Hey.

Man: Hello.

Man: Hey.

Come on in.

Hey, everybody.

Kalon: Good. Have a seat.

Thank you.

I know a lot of the other guys have gotten time with her already, and I'm kinda thinking to myself, well, how much does she know about me?

I have the date rose.

I want this rose tonight so I can be safe and I can get more time with her because I want her to know who I am.

Emily: The person I want to give this to kind of reminded me--

Sometimes I know needed somebody to just come along and be like, "hey, I'm really glad you're here."

And I'm so glad all of you are here.

Um, but with that...

Jef?

Yeah?

Would you please accept this rose?

Yes.

Cool.

All right, let's see.

Chris: I'm totally upset.

I'm bummed.

I didn't see anything special between him and her from, you know, all the group stuff that we've done together.

And-- and there's no way...

There's no way... (Chuckles)

There's not a chance that he had a conversation like my conversation I had with her.

I-I really don't get it.

♪

(Thunderclap)

To apply to be on the bachelor" or find out where you can come to an open casting call, go to abc.Com.

I have a date today with Joe.

I think Joe's really hot.

I think he looks like Matthew McConaughey.

So I'm excited to get to know Joe better.

(Engine revs)

My date the other day with Ryan was very chill and true to my everyday life.

And today, Joe and I, we're going to one of my favorite places.

I think we're just gonna have, like, a fun, over-the-top date.

♪

(Quacking)

I have no idea what we're doing today.

But to be honest with you, it does not matter.

I am here to get to know the real Emily.

Well, she seems very strong, and she seems very levelheaded, and she's definitely gorgeous.

There is a rose on this date, and to be cut after spending, you know, "x" amount of hours with her, and to be like, wow, what did I do wrong?

Emily is one in a million.

I mean, if I h*t it off with Emily and things go right, this could significantly change my life.

(Laughs) Oh!

♪

Oh, my gosh.

Ha!

All of a sudden, there we are at the airport.

I see red carpet, big jet, and a beautiful, blonde-haired girl.

You know, stunning.

Oh, my gosh.

My breath was just taken away.

Hello!

Hey ya!

Hey, beautiful.

I'm so excited you're here.

I'm thrilled to be here.

This is... (Laughs)

It looks like we're going on an adventure.

The date card said, "come close to my heart."

And everybody who knows me knows that my heart is in my home state, so we are going to head to west Virginia.

All right!

You ready to go?

Oh, my gosh.

I am more than ready. Cool.

I am a west Virginia girl, which is something that I'm so proud of and can't wait to share it with Joe.

So there's a good chance that Joe and I will have fun.

Joe: West Virginia, here we come!

♪

Here I am in west Virginia with Emily.

We've h*t it off and we're having a great time.

Beautiful, old, vintage car.

Can't wait for what's in store.

This has been a great experience.

It'll get better, I promise.

Meeting you has been the best, you know.

Aw, thank you!

I really like Joe's energy.

He is so sweet and has, like, a really kind spirit about him.

And I'm excited to share one of my favorite places since I was a little kid so he can see all those fun memories.

This is the greenbrier!

All right!

♪

This is where I've been coming ever since I was a little girl.

This is beautiful.

The greenbrier is this beautiful, like...

I say resort, but it--

It's so much more than that.

They have horseback riding, archery, golf, this awesome spa.

Thank you, sir.

We've been expecting you.

I got my first makeover there.

And it's very fancy, so I'm excited to just have fun.

Thank you, sir.

Yeah, absolutely.

Mm.

All right.

So pretty.

This is beautiful.

We walk in, and it's just amazing, everything from the painting on the walls to the carpet to just the entire atmosphere.

Oh, wow!

Yeah.

This is gorgeous.

This is a hotel that she used to hang out at when she was younger, with her family.

This pool is over a hundred years old.

And I remember...

Yeah?

Swimming in this pool with my brother.

Oh, my gosh.

Yeah.

I absolutely love being here with Joe.

There's a rose on today's date, so I'm really looking forward to dinner just to really get to know him on a deeper level.

I feel like that's gonna be the time to really dive in there.

Whoo!

♪

(Tony) Is anybody, like, really nervous about the possibility of jumping into a fatherly role?

Uh, I don't know. I mean, it's a very, very, uh...

Crazy thing to contemplate.

And I always imagined that my first child would be my actual child.

Yeah?

So, um, the idea of--

Of embracing someone else's child as my own is--is a big step.

So, um, I'll cross that bridge when I come to it.

I just think that, you know--

And-- and Tony can share this sentiment--

Being a father, you know, it's-- it's a big deal.

Yeah.

Man: Oh, yeah.

We are talking about somebody with a little one, you know.

Kalon: Yeah.

Make sure you guys are ready in your heart, and if-- You know, really think about it because I can guarantee there's nothing more important in Emily's heart than Ricki, 'cause there's nothing more important in my heart than my son Austin.

But at the same time, you are here.

You made the decision to put that on hold.

And obviously, we all respect that.

Well, yeah.

Wow.

Be-- be really careful, and just back up and then apologize.

Well, I'm sorry if you misunderstood--

Dude, just stop right there.

Just check it.

Take a second to think about the fact that you just told me I had the opportunity to put being a Dad on hold.

Seriously, I gave up every dream I ever wanted to have, you know.

And I was rearranging my life when I was 20 and found out I was gonna be a Dad. Okay?

And I actually wasn't gonna do this until my son was like, "hey, Dad, you know how you're always telling me to go do new stuff?

"I think you need to get out of the house more.

I think you need to go do more stuff for yourself."

Here's a question.

Do you feel like Emily put being a mom on hold?

No, and that's why--

Well, I think you should ask her that.

I don't understand why you're so--

Stop right there. Just check it.

Sean: Kalon has no right to say anything to Doug about being a father.

I think Kalon speaks before he thinks sometimes.

And he's not the best communicator anyway.

I think that's gonna eventually get him into some trouble.

♪

Joe: Today has just been mind-bl*wing.

I don't even know what's gonna happen next, but I-I feel-- I feel fantastic.

Walking down those stairs, Emily was looking like an elegant southern woman that I just couldn't take my eyes off.

Wow.

You look nice.

Oh, you-- I-- You took my--

I don't even know what--

I don't even know what to say. (Chuckles)

I've never experienced something so romantic in my entire life.

You ready to go to dinner?

I am.

All right. Let's h*t it.

Join me.

(Giggles)

I absolutely love being here.

It's one of my favorite places.

It's been one of my favorite places since I was a little kid.

I think Joe was a perfect choice for this date.

I mean, Joe has so many qualities that I look for in a guy.

But there's just like-- I feel like that kinda spark missing, and I'm hoping that I see a side of Joe that makes me feel like we could have a future together.

There's nowhere else I'd rather be right now...

(Speaks indistinctly) Aw.

And I mean that.

Thank you.

Yeah.

I do realize at the end of the night there is a rose.

And if I don't get that rose, I'm packing, I'm out. I'm gone.

Mind if I join you?

(Giggles)

So hopefully things will go great.

I'm so honored that you brought me here and I'm thrilled.

There's nowhere else I'd rather be that here with you and just enjoying this moment in this gorgeous hotel.

And you look gorgeous, and I'm a very lucky man. Thank you.

I'm to taking any of this for granted at all.

Well, cheers.

Cheers.

(Clink)

Thanks for being here.

Absolutely.

Joe is such a sweet guy.

He makes me feel really comfortable.

And tonight, I really need to use my time with Joe to find out if he's a good fit for my life and also my daughter's life.

I feel like there's so much about you that I don't know.

Yeah.

And I-I wanna get to know...

You know.

Yeah, I know.

I-- like, beyond just, like...

Hanging out by the pool and...

(Laughs) (Chuckles)

I know, I know.

Ideally, where do you see yourself in, like, five years?

Five years?

Mm-hmm.

Five years, I hope I see myself happy.

And what's that mean?

Um... I see myself happy with no regrets...

Mm-hmm.

And being happy with the decisions that I make, as far as career-wise, as far as relationship-wise. Mm-hmm.

And at the end of this, if it's you and I standing, I will pack my bags and I'll go wherever you ask me to go, and...

I will start a life.

And what does that mean...

To you?

Yeah, well, you tell me what it means for you.

Like, what-- what do you think?

I-I mean...

I...

I-I have a daughter, and I, um...

Do you wanna have more kids?

Absolutely.

Yeah?

Yeah.

Okay.

I absolutely do.

I want-- I-I make no secret about--

I mean, I want a lot more kids. I mean...

Yeah.

I'll stop there.

(Laughs)

(Laughs) So I'll scare you off.

But, yes, I do, to answer your question.

I'm...

I don't want to say, like, okay, I wanna get married and have kids and, like... a textbook.

A lot of these things don't get planned out. They happen.

You know? So, I mean, there's a balance.

And I think in life, you've always gotta find the balance whether it's work, life, relationships.

Yeah.

You know?

Joe is such a sweet guy, but I still don't necessarily feel butterflies.

But I feel like I'm really taking the time to think about if this guy fits in with my everyday life.

So there's something really cool here.

It's called the love clock.

The love clock?

Yeah, that's it right there.

Oh, no way.

Here at the greenbrier, there is the love clock, and a lot of people come here on their honeymoons and just after getting married.

Wanna try it out?

Yes, I do.

All right, let's do it.

It's really cool because they're able to write down little love wishes or love notes and put it inside the clock, and they're supposed to stand the test to time.

You ready?

Let's go. Yeah, let's do it.

All right.

It's important to me that Joe and any guy I date and potentially marry is in the same stage of life as me.

You know, it's not about five years from now.

It's about 50 years from now, and, you know, I-- That's what I'm looking for.

Mine is to be able to come back here to west Virginia sometime with you and Ricki and, uh, get a chance to meet your wonderful parents.

His was so sweet.

He talked about coming back here with Ricki and meeting my parents, and that's, like, my dream.

Like, I want that.

I-- That's what I was thinking about all day.

"This time will be forever because I'm hopeful and confident that I have learned from the past what stands the test of time."

Emily: The tradition of this clock really is one of the most romantic things.

As I stand here and look at Joe, I know without a doubt that when I meet that person, that I'm gonna know.

And, you know, as much as I wish that happened tonight, um...

It didn't.

(Voice breaks) I feel so bad.

(Crying)

Um...

So I, um...

Um...

You okay?

Yeah.

What happened? What's wrong?

(Whispers) I've had such a great night with you.

Really?

Mm-hmm.

(Voice breaking) And, um...

(Sighs) I'm sorry.

Yeah. No, it's okay.

I take all of this really seriously.

Yeah.

And, um, I appreciate more than I can say how much you put yourself out there.

(Sighs) It's fine.

What's-- Is there a but" coming in here?

I want the person I'm gonna be with to, um...

I want to see where I fit in, in their life, and I don't know if I do.

I don't know where I fit in, in your life.

I don't know where my daughter fits in, in your life.

I get it.

We can part ways now.

(Sighs)

I wish it was going so bad that he had an idea that it wasn't gonna happen.

He did nothing wrong.

It's just...

We're not looking for the same thing.

(Sniffles)

I-I want you to know, like...

Yeah. I'm not upset because I think that...

I don't want to hurt anybody.

You were so wonderful.

Thank you.

Was a great opportunity.

Thank you so much.

As much as I want him to be the right fit for me, I know I'm not the right fit for him.

You know, as sad as that makes me, it's the truth.

But he was so nice and so sweet and... (Clicks tongue)

I feel really bad.

It's just a true testament to what high hopes I had for tonight.

(Whistling and popping)

I don't worry that it's not the right decision.

I just, um, I didn't know it was gonna hurt this bad.

(Sniffling)

Hey. They just take Joe's suitcase?

(Tony) Oh, come on.

(Alejandro)

I did not see that coming.

No way. Wow.

It's hard for me to say that this is gonna work.

But...

I trust my faith and everything enough to know that I'm not gonna get engaged again and not have it be the real thing.

That's what all this is about.

Good night, mommy.

I love you.

Mwah. You're a sweet girl.

Okay, mommy.

You're a sweet girl.

You're a sweet girl.

I'm a sweet mommy.

(Giggles)

I love you.

I love you, too.

Saying good-bye to Joe last night, um, was really hard, and it really did just drain me emotionally.

But being able to spend the day with Ricki and my mom really puts everything back into perspective.

There is nothing more that I want than to make my family complete and find the right guy for me and Ricki.

Okay, give me a big kiss.

Going into tonight's cocktail party, I really am hopeful that the man I'm supposed to end up with is in this group of guys, and I think that's the thing that keeps me going.

♪

(Alejandro)

Seeing Joe not come home definitely raised the bar quite a bit.

It shows how serious she is about finding love, and I think it made all of us really evaluate why we're here and what we can do to make sure she knows why we're here.

It's getting to the point where you want her to get to know who you really are.

(Aaron) Yeah.

So we're gonna have to step it up.

You know, this could be our last night here.

Jef and Ryan have a rose already, so tonight's just a piece of cake for them.

It's really, the pressure's on the rest of us.

Man: Hey.

Man: There she is.

(Singsongy) Hello.

Hey.

Man: How ya doin'?

Man: How are you?

How are y'all?

Good.

Good.

As you know, Joe went home last night, and I think it's important that you guys know I think he is so funny, such great energy, but I'm also looking for more than that.

I'm looking for somebody that is on the same page as me as far as what we're looking for once this is all over, so I-- Like I said, I take this really seriously, so...

Well, we also respect the fact that you know what you're looking for, so...

Yeah, that's right.

Well, you guys have made me feel so great all week, and I really do feel so lucky.

I'm so grateful you--

All you guys are here, so...

(All) Cheers.

(Clink)

Arie: Emily looks beautiful tonight.

I mean, it feels like forever since I've actually seen her, since I haven't had a date this week.

I have been so excited to see you.

You know, I-I've been hanging in a house with, like, 18 other guys.

Like, they come back with great stories of how they connected and what they did, and it's tough, so I'm really excited to spend some good quality time with her.

You looked so beautiful the first night... Thank you.

So it's nice to finally see you again. (Chuckles)

I know.

It feels like it's been forever.

I know, right?

I remember those days, I-I promise.

(Laughs)

It'll get easier, I promise.

I know.

So tell me about, like, life in scottsdale.

Scottsdale's cool.

It's, um...

I've never been.

Really?

Mnh-mnh.

Well, in the summer, I'm traveling a lot for-- for racing.

Mm-hmm.

In the wintertime, it's just perfect.

The weather's perfect and--

I've heard it's really pretty.

It is really pretty, if you like being outside and doing stuff like that.

Yeah.

What do you do for fun here?

Um, honestly, I-I'm so busy with Ricki and her--

All of her hobbies that I haven't really taken the time... Yeah.

To figure out what mine are.

I have experience a little bit with that.

You know, I dated a girl that has children, and I love kids.

Oh, really? Really?

Yeah.

Oh, uh, more than one?

Yeah, she had two, actually.

Wow.

You're-- you're very brave.

She was a young mother.

(Laughs) No, but it's--

It's, uh, it's definitely--

It's a-a lot for a girl to handle, for sure.

Yeah.

I mean, I just have one, and she's, like, the coolest kid ever.

I couldn't imagine having two and having to do it by myself, but...

I can't imagine all the dang on and how that must--

Yeah.

That must be ment*lly tiring.

Yeah.

How do you remember all this stuff?

Um...

(Laughs)

I remembered about this very special guy, so you should be flattered.

I am very flattered.

Usually I'm not very good.

Um, you make me nervous.

Why? Why?

You make me really nervous.

I don't know.

You don't need to be nervous around me.

I know. I know.

You make me really nervous.

(Giggles)

Man: So when are you gonna make your move?

I mean, I know she's got a lot of guys here and she wants to see what everybody's about and everything, but it's just--

I know exactly, being, like, a single parent, what she's going through and everything else, but if I don't have time with her, she's gonna send me home, so, yeah, it's key, it's crucial to get time tonight.

What do you think about her hanging out with Ryan, knowing that he's-- he's safe?

Oh, boy.

I looked in, and I see Ryan talking with Emily, and Ryan has a rose, and he's safe.

Stevie: We just go, like, all in unison, literally.

It was like a chorus.

We're like, "what the hell?"

Like, seriously, like, are you kidding me?

So I'm gonna go steal her right now.

Hey, man. Hey, good luck, dude.

Go, dude. Get it.

All right.

(Both) Go get it.

I feel like this is as good a chance for me to go up and talk to her as any.

Oh, this is gonna be great.

I just want to be able to spend more time with you...

I know.

(Door closes)

But before, uh, before anybody interjects...

Hey.

You know, which he n--

He deserves his time...

I made that for you.

Ohh.

Are you excited?

Emily: I'm very excited.

It's like Christmas.

I know.

Tony has to sit here and listen to you read this.

You gotta be kidding me.

Wow. How awkward is that?

Oh, man.

(Gasps)

Confidence k*ller.

Confidence k*ller.

I hope I don't cry. Okay.

Don't you cry now.

Emily, I'm having a hard time even knowing where to begin. Let me start by saying thank you.

Thank you first for being you..."

Emily: I've really never been in this situation before.

I want to read this letter that Ryan put so much time and thought into, but at the same time, like, poor Tony.

I mean, he's just standing there and having to listen to me read it.

"Furthermore, I'm so thankful for our date the other night. Words cannot express how impressed I was to see how true you are and what great balance you have in both being a mother and a girl that is so much fun to hang out with."

She read back his feelings to him while Tony was in the room listening and watching, and he's just like...

Emily: "I was also impressed..."

He was probably sweating b*ll*ts.

He got up, and he walked in there, and now he's standing there.

Like, she's reading a-a novel that he, uh, I guess, wrote for her.

"...only hope to experience more and more of those with you."

(Tony) It wasn't the most comfortable position, to just stand there and watch Emily read Ryan's letter... (Chuckles)

But at the same time, there was no way I was leaving.

♪

"I hope you are able to see in me that I am not misleading and possess good intentions."

Man: He's still-- Bro, that's just-- (Man chuckles)

I mean, like, literally, he's still standing there.

Still.

Dude, this seems crazy.

Yeah, my heart just, like-- like, really hurts for him, dude.

Like, that sucks.

Tony went in there to interrupt Ryan and Emily, and it's been, like, 15 minutes, and he's still waiting.

"I'm glad I was able to write you.

I can't wait to see you again.

Love and grace. Ryan."

Ryan wrote me one of the nicest letters, but I feel like he should've picked a better time.

It's a long letter.

There were seven pieces of pap in ere.

I'm like, "did I get seven pieces of paper in this?"

Thank you so much.

So sweet. (Kisses)

I've waited a long time to have some alone time with Emily, and, you know, it's something I wouldn't normally do, but I do really need to talk to her.

Emily: I'm sorry. I--

You know, um, I-I told him to say all that...

You left your note--

So that was me.

You left your note in the other room, right?

Yeah, and he took it.

(Chuckles) (Laughs)

Tonight I just want to explain myself.

I want to talk to Emily, and I want to tell her about my son, because it--

It hasn't come up yet, and it's the biggest thing I want her to know about me.

I had fun with you the other day.

Yeah. I did, too.

Like, I have to tell you that I'm pretty sure I had more fun than anybody else there...

Really?

Being that-- Yeah, for one, like, it's the muppets, okay?

I know.

I grew up with the muppets.

So cool.

And for 2, like, I actually have a 5-year-old son.

Really?

Yes, and his name is Taylor...

Wow.

And he's the cutest, like, sweetest kid ever, okay? Ohh.

And performed with 'em...

Mm-hmm.

It was a little tough because, I mean... Mm-hmm.

My son's my life...

Mm-hmm.

And I left him at home, you know, to see if I could find love, and that's not, as you know, an easy thing to do...

Yeah.

And I just want you to know why I'm here, and it is hard.

It's very hard, but at the same time, like, it could totally be worth it.

And I, um, you know, I know what it's like to be away from your heart...

Yeah. And so I want you to know I'm here for you.

Like, I totally get it.

It felt absolutely great to finally sit down and finally talk to Emily and finally tell her about me and who I am.

I feel like we totally related to each other.

We-- I felt like we had a connection, you know, that not a lot of guys here have with her, so I feel confident that I'm gonna get a rose.

(Chuckles) Hey. The robbery.

What's going on, man?

Man: Hey, buddy.

How'd it go, brother?

(Man sighs) Oh, my.

Good.

Did it?

It went really good. Yeah.

Kalon: Being here has been ment*lly tough, and unfortunately yesterday was probably the hardest, because of the confrontation that-- that I had with Doug.

Now, obviously, the other guys have painted me as the outcast, so it is so important that I have a few minutes with Emily this evening, 'cause she obviously reminds me of-- of why I'm here.

Oh, man.

Oh.

Is something bothering you?

Not necessarily bothering me, but you've endured this experience.

Mm-hmm.

It's, you know, you ment*lly prepare yourself for what you--

Yeah.

What you think's gonna happen, and then it ends up being...

Well, what did you think would happen?

So different.

Well, how-- What's so different?

Well, it's just a different env-environment for me.

You know, obviously, I'm one of the youngest, if not the youngest.

You are...

26.

26. Yeah.

And I know you're 26 as well...

Uh-huh.

But you obviously have-- have the maturity of someone...

You seem much older than 26.

Far beyond your years.

And--and I appreciate that, and that was one of the things my mom did instill in me.

I've always joked that, you know, I feel like an old man trapped in--

Me, too.

In-- in a young man's body, just 'cause my--

My priorities are different, and that's why I don't necessarily always relate to-- to girls my age, because their...

Mm-hmm.

Interests are just--

Just different.

And what makes a-- What makes you think a girl is worthy of a serious sh*t with Kalon?

Um, you know, it's those intangible things that you c-- I can't necessarily articulate.

It's--it's that feeling that you get right here... Uh-huh.

Mm-hmm.

Wh-when you're sitting On a swing with 'em and you-- weird. We're sitting on a swing.

Yeah.

That's so weird.

Man: How long has he been over there?

Long enough. He's been out there for a while.

It's time. Is it not time?

Stevie: I'm pretty confident that she could see a future with some of these guys, but Kalon's not one of 'em, and he never will be, no matter what he says, so why bother?

There goes Doug, about to commit the robbery.

(Speaks indistinctly)

(Doug) Hey, you.

Kalon has this air about him, and I get the impression that he uses his vocabulary as a way of trying to show his dominance within the household.

Man: Uh, how did it go?

Kalon: Uh, it went really well.

Oh. Uh, I couldn't have planned it any better.

Right.

I'm just ment*lly refreshed, uh, excited for the rose ceremony now...

Right.

And hopefully eager to-- to move on to these next days, so...

Right.

Uh, I don't know.

Just the way he talks.

He's-- he's just a-- It seems like he's a rich kid and stuck up and-- You know?

Man: Well, he is.

John: Kalon doesn't jive with the house.

From day one, he's annoyed everybody.

He's annoyed me.

I have a rule.

If you have Louis vuitton luggage and you're a dude, you're an (Bleep).

Ryan: But you did good, though, didn't you?

Oh, no. (Chuckling)

No?!

Probably. Maybe a little.

No matter how bad it went, it had to be better than hanging out here with these guys.

Man: Whoa, dude.

(Charlie) I think if Kalon continues to go down the path that he's going down, he's gonna make a lot more enemies than he will friends, especially with it being this many guys to deal with.

Hey.

How's it going?

It's going.

Good.

You mind if I sit?

This seat's taken?

Uh, no.

(Men laugh) Thank you.

Hey. There he is.

(Clinks)

Hey, guys. How are we doing?

Good.

Emily, if you would, come and join me.

Sure.

I've had a wonderful time tonight talking to all of you, and if I didn't get a chance to talk to you, I'm really sorry.

Um, again, I have lots of big decisions to make, and thank you for being so sweet to me and making me feel so special.

Emily: I have to send two guys home tonight, and I really don't know who, because I have a lot of really great guys, and I have some huge decisions to make.

♪

Chris H.: Gentlemen, good evening.

Men: Good evening.

Welcome to another rose ceremony.

I know you all had a fun week of dates, but you also learned that what's at stake here is very serious.

Ryan, Jef, the two of you already have roses.

Nothing to worry about tonight.

As for the rest of you, 14 roses to hand out.

Two of you will be going home.

I wish you all the best, and if you're ready, here's Emily.

Thank you.

Hey, everybody.

Men: Hello.

So tonight was an interesting night.

Uh, I know how long these nights can be, and you guys have been so patient.

I just know that it takes being open to it and being honest with me and with yourself and just believing in it.

I'm really looking forward to growing my relationship with each of you.

♪

Kalon.

(Speaks inaudibly)

Kalon, would you please accept this rose?

It would be my pleasure.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

Thank you. (Kisses)

Thank you.

(Whispers) Thank you.

Arie.

Arie, would you please accept this rose?

Of course. I'd love to.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Michael.

Michael, would you accept this rose?

(Whispers) Thank you so much.

Nate.

Nate, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

Sean.

(Whispers) Excuse me, guys.

Sean, would you accept this rose?

(Lowered voice) Absolutely.

Chris.

Chris, would you accept this rose?

Absolutely.

(Whispers) Thank you.

♪

Doug.

Doug, would you accept this rose?

(Lowered voice) Yeah.

Thank you.

Travis.

Travis, would you accept this rose?

Yes, ma'am. Absolutely.

Thank you.

(Sighs)

Tony.

(Speaks inaudibly)

Tony, would you accept this rose?

Yes.

(Whispers) Great.

John.

(Sighs)

John, would you please accept this rose?

John: Absolutely.

Alessandro.

Would you accept this rose?

I sure do.

Charlie.

Charlie, would you accept this rose?

(Charlie) Yes.

Alejandro.

Alejandro, would you accept this rose?

(Whispers) Yeah, absolutely.

♪

Emily, gentlemen, this is the final rose tonight.

When you're ready.

(Sighs)

(Sighs)

Stevie.

(Speaks inaudibly)

Stevie, would you accept this rose?

(Lowered voice) Absolutely.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Gentlemen, I'm sorry.

If you did not receive a rose, take a moment, say your good-byes.

(Men speaking indistinctly)

(Aaron) I'm disappointed.

You know, I'm disappointed.

(Whispers) Thank you.

Tonight I was really confident that I would be here, but obviously it didn't--

Didn't work out.

Do I think that there's others that should be where I'm at right now and me in there?

Yes. I hope she finds what she's looking for, but she made the decision.

She's missing out.

(Whispering) Thank you so much.

(Lowered voice) Good luck.

Thank you.

Kyle: I came here for a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

I'm ready to find somebody and fall in love.

Emily just...

It just wasn't with her.

I want to love someone.

I want to be loved back 100%.

100% want to find someone, get married, have kids.

That's exactly what I want.

It wasn't here. It wasn't now.

And there was a chance that it would be her, and I took that chance.

I came out here.

I put my life on hold and said, "you know what?

I'm gonna go for it."

I totally should have opened up more and taken it more seriously, and now I'm going home.

When you get your heart broken, it's...

The worst feeling in the world.

(Inhales deeply)

(bl*ws raspberry)

So I hope you guys realize how hard that is for me, and, um, I know this is only the second week, so I can only imagine that it's gonna get harder, but I'm really happy that--

With the group of guys that I have here tonight, and I'm excited to spend yet another week in Charlotte getting to know y'all.

(All) Cheers.

(Men cheer) (Clink)

Next week on "The Bachelorette"...

Man: Whoo!

(Emily squeals)

Emily: I'm just having the best time ever.

(Whistles)

Arie's being such a great sport.

I think he might have a little country in him.

(Amplified voice) Surprise.

Oh, my God. I could die.

Dolly Parton is unbelievable.

Thank you so much for sharing this with me.

Arie: Today has been a dream.

I could imagine myself getting down on one knee.

Emily: I know I could fall head over heels in love.

If I had to draw up my perfect girl...

Aw.

It would be exactly like you.

Emily definitely did capture my heart.

This has to be the top moment of my life.

There's one more surprise.

Oh, wow.

I am making Chris work for his dinner.

There ain't no elevators, honey.

Are you nervous?

Yeah.

It's starting to get a little windy up here, huh?

This is scary!

(Thunderclap)

I have no doubt that I have what it takes to be a father.

I don't want the other guys thinking they even have a chance.

What's wrong? I made the ultimate sacrifice to be here--

My son and being away from him.

Compromise would be me as a Dad.

But you see that as, like, a compromise?

Man: She doesn't look too happy.

Emily: Like, I just wanted to scream.

Man: This could be very, very bad.

What comes to mind is, should I be here?

(Speaks indistinctly)

Are you thinking about, like, going home?

It's all coming up next week on...

Hey, Kermit.

How's it going? And you're looking great.

Yeah. Where... (Sighs)

Thanks, but where's Miss Piggy?

Yeah. Oh.

I've been looking for her all day.

Oh. Yeah.

Yeah, sorry. She's, uh, she's-- she's still in makeup.

Yeah. Yeah. (Clears throat)

(Sighs) Still?

Yeah, I'm-- I'm afraid, uh--

I-I'll keep you posted.

(Sighs) Yeah, but, uh, you enjoy yourself and have fun, and I'll, uh, I'll let you know.

All right. Well, thanks.

Okay.

See ya.

All right.

(Muttering) That no good for nothing frog.

I don't know why I keep--

Hey, Miss Piggy.

How's it going?

(Normal voice) Oh.

(Singsongy) Flowers.

How pretty. (Giggles)

Yeah, they're from Kermit.

From Kermit?

Yeah.

For moi?

Aw! (Giggles)

He finally must have come to his senses.

(Chuckles)

(Chuckles)

Let's see what he wrote.

Hmm.

"To Emily, with affection.

Yours, Kermie."

Oh, how sweet.

(Chuckles) Yeah.

Uh...

(Deep voice) "To Emily"?!

Yeah, they're for Emily.

Yeah, do you happen to know where her dressing room is?

I--

No, I don't!

Hiya!

Aah! God!

Hmm!

(Vase crashes and shatters)

What has she got that I don't got, huh?

Huh? Come on.