Tonight on this special edition of...

I called it from the beginning.

You weren't there for the right reasons.

It's the reunion show you don't wanna miss.

This was--this was Emily's season, not your season.

The most memorable men of the season are here.

I thought he was there more for the cameras than for Emily.

And they're not holding back.

There were some times when I wanted to, like, smack you in the face because you were so disrespectful.

(Laughs)

You didn't like me?

I'm talking right now...

To you. Please listen.

There you go.

Is Chris still heartbroken over his failed attempt at love?

Love is what we should strive for.

I believe in me and her.

And, uh, that's why, you know, when I say the things I say, it's because I-I mean it.

What will Ryan say to the guys that he thought were his friends?

I don't take anything back that I said or did.

If you're evaluated on the things that you say 24/7, then you're bound to say some things that could get you caught up.

But you said a lot of things.

And then there's Kalon.

I really wanted to get to know her.

This is (Bleep). You were here for the glitz and the glamour.

If you were like a real man, you would've not gone on the show because you knew Emily had a daughter.

What will happen when Kalon sees Emily for the first time since that dramatic day in London?

You, my dear, should be a politician, because that is the biggest load of... I've ever heard.

(Cheers and applause)

It's all coming up on this special edition of...

(Cheering) Hey!

Hello, hello.

Thank you very much.

Hello and welcome to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

I'm Chris Harrison. All right, who here would like to finally see Emily find the love of her life?

Right?

(Cheering)

Well, I think viewers across America feel the same way.

Emily maynard, one of the most beloved bachelorettes we've ever had on the show, is down to two men--

Arie and Jef, one of whom will hopefully become her husband and a new Dad to her daughter Ricki.

This season's finale will air this Sunday night as part of a live 3-hour event, and it promises to be one of the most dramatic endings ever.

Now Jef and Ari are not here tonight, but the guys that Emily sent home will be.

That's right. The most memorable guys from this season are back to talk about Emily and each other--

Sean...

(Cheering)

Chris, Ryan, Doug, even that Kalon guy-- they're here.

(Booing)

And trust me, there's gonna be a lot to talk about.

But before we invite him up here on this stage, let's hear from Emily herself.

I had a chance to sit down with her and talk about some of the unforgettable moments of the season.

Well, thanks for sitting down and talking with us.

And obviously, you can't let us in on what's to come-- an amazing finale, uh, but let's go back a little bit.

Okay.

Everybody wants to know how difficult this was for you as a single mom.

How tough was it with the dating and a daughter?

It is hard.

It's hard in real life, and it's hard as the bachelorette.

Right.

(Giggles) Mommy!

But at the end of the day, the guys' house is right down the street from me.

Yeah. And I'd get home from a date really late and get in bed with her, get up with her in the morning, do all my mom stuff, and it didn't really affect her.

Yeah. She still got to have her time with mom, and that was true to my life.

I mean, even the date with Ryan-- the very first date...

Right.

I was able to do this normal thing, and it made it so much more real for me.

This is my house.

So am I coming in?

Yeah. You're gonna help me pull in some groceries.

Obviously, you mentioned Ricki in doing this as a single mom.

Did you kinda start to think, like, "okay, wait.

"One of these guys is going to be here in my home helping out and doing this"?

Yeah, absolutely, I did.

You're gonna help me make cookies today.

This is absolutely embarrassing.

Fabulous.

I don't know. It was so crazy to, like, blend those two worlds, and he could not have been a better sport about it, and just really cool.

So Ryan made a good first impression.

He did. Mm-hmm.

And then he continued to stick his foot in his mouth.

Yeah. On that group date with my friends...

What's going on?

Not only does he interrupt girl talk, which is, like, the golden rule.

Right. Major faux pas.

Don't do it.

He also tells me you can't gain weight after we get married.

As soon I get married, it's all downhill. Done.

(Both laugh)

Is that okay with you?

I think--well, no, it's not.

Hey!

Chris: In the history of dumb comments by men...

That's like at least top three.

I mean, that is really close to the top. Yeah.

Okay.

I would still love you.

I just might not love on you as much.

Did you hear that, too?

Did I hear it wrong?

I heard. I heard.

No, I heard.

I think that I started to see that side of Ryan...

Right. But it didn't get better when he referred to you as a trophy wife a couple of times.

You're like a trophy wife.

Ha ha. There's that word again.

That's that word.

I can deal with the, "oh, don't gain weight after we get married" and this and that.

Trophies don't talk back.

The trophy wife thing really did hurt my feelings a little bit, and it really kind of changed my opinion on him a lot.

Why'd that hurt so much?

It goes back to the whole fall in love with me and my heart and not me because I'm the bachelorette" kind of deal.

Right.

You know, as much as we said Ryan put his foot in his mouth, Kalon, a guy that definitely made some waves early on...

Mm-hmm.

He also caught all of our attention by arriving in a helicopter.

No way.

This is insane.

In the beginning, he was kind of dashing, and he had a little game, and I think captured your imagination.

Well, I know what it's like to be judged unfairly.

Right.

And I thought maybe the guys are being too hard on him.

Maybe it's all because of the helicopter, and I wanna look past that.

I love it when you talk, but I wish you'd let me finish.

Okay.

I feel like it would be easy to say I wish I had sent Kalon home earlier.

Right.

But I felt like...

Yeah. If I kept him around long enough, I would finally see his true colors, and I was right.

One of the guys in the house referred to Ricki as baggage.

Who?

Kalon.

It just still makes my blood just boil.

Right.

Like, makes me so angry.

I've seen some good expl*sive moments.

What you said to Kalon-- easily top of my list.

Is there anything you can say to say no, I didn't say that"?

No, not at all.

Then get the (Bleep) Out.

I was really speaking what I felt in my heart in the moment, and I feel really confident in the fact that if I had gone back to Bermuda and given him the group date rose instead of Jef on that group date, he would not have said that.

Really?

Yeah.

You think it was more out of spite and jealousy, and maybe this was--

I think--I think he knew there were other guys in the group...

Interesting.

That I liked more than him.

And he's used to being a big fish in a small pond.

I wanna talk about one of the single dads that you had some chemistry with at the beginning, and that was Doug.

Mm-hmm.

Now as much as we all love Doug, there was one little... Oh, no.

Little slip up.

(Clenches teeth) Oh, no.

Where are we headed?

Can I talk to you over here?

Yeah.

When you were breaking up with him, he tried to kiss you.

I know.

I completely understand being, like, a slow mover, but then there's, like, no moving at all, and I wanted you to know that, like, I was okay with that.

Thank you for that.

Yep.

You know, it was so awkward.

I feel really stupid for just giving you a kiss.

No, no.

I had given Doug the signal before.

"Hey, I'm down if you wanna kiss." Like...

Right.

First date in Bermuda, that would have been the perfect time.

Didn't do it there.

No.

Decided to wait for the breakup.

Yeah.

I think it's best if I, you know, walk you out, and you get back home.

Clearly we're not on the same page at all.

Yeah. Clearly, the chemistry--not there.

No.

I did not see that one coming today.

(Cheering)

When we return, it's some of the moments from the show that America didn't get to see, and then the most memorable bachelors from this season will be right here, including the most recent man to say good-bye to Emily.

That's right. Sean is here.

(Cheering)

And then Emily herself will take the stage.

It's all coming up when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" returns.

(Cheering)

♪

(Cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

Viewers across America have watched all of this season's drama and they've seen Emily fall in love.

But what about the moments America didn't get to see?

Well, I sat down with Emily to get the full story.

You know, there's lots of moments that we've talked about this season, memorable moments.

But there's a lot of moments that don't end up on the air that, well, in my opinion, they should.

Yeah.

Greenbrier.

You go to your native state of west Virginia.

You're very excited.

You're there with Joe.

It seemed like the perfect setting.

And then something kind of went wrong with the wine.

Oh, no.

So I'm wearing this fabulous gown.

This, like, my favorite, favorite dress I've ever had on my body in my whole life.

I would just like to say, I had so much fun with you, and, um, ooh!

(Bleep)

(Bleep), y'all.

I just spilled all over my dress.

You would think that would be the worst part. Right.

And I said the (Bleep)

In front of my date.

(Laughs)

I'm supposed to be a lady.

I don't even know if we have enough bleeps to bleep that whole thing out.

I know. I know.

That was not right on two accounts.

Oops.

Chris: Where is that dress?

What happened?

Um, the stain dried, thank God.

And we were able to continue our relationship.

(Laughs) So Joe is gone.

The dress has remained.

Yes.

Okay.

Let's talk about Travis, the egg man.

So you're probably wondering why I'm holding this egg.

I am.

You know, what we didn't see is, you guys put Shelly, the egg...

Mm-hmm.

To bed.

Shelly has a little special place...

Wow. That's so sweet of you.

Right beside me.

Emily: Travis told me that he, you know, needed my help with somethin'.

Would you like to sing a little twinkle, twinkle little star"?

Of course.

Not one of my proudest moments.

(Both, off-key) ♪ twinkle, twinkle, little star ♪
♪ how I wonder what you are ♪

You're used to singing Ricki to bed, I'm sure.

♪ Twinkle, twinkle little star ♪

Emily: But Ricki's almost 7 now.

And even now, when she hears me sing, she says, "you know what? Maybe we should just read a story."

(Laughs) Really?

Yeah.

Well, then, you know what?

At least the egg didn't talk back.

Exactly.

Emily: Shh.

Turn the lights off.

Travis: Night, Shelly.

Good night.

So Travis--his accent really stood out.

Yes.

Which is endearing and sweet until you try and do Shakespeare.

Mm-hmm.

I will not budge for no man's pleasure. Aye.

(Laughs)

(Laughs) Aye?

Travis, you are so funny.

If I were to say that that kiss was, uh... (European accent)

I-it was not real.

(Normal voice)

It was really not real.

(European accent)

Was that Ireland, Irish?

I am not sure, but I, uh, hope to have the rose tonight by the end of it, yeah.

(Laughs) Oh, man.

Arie's hometown...

Mm-hmm.

Ended with a nice kiss, shockingly enough with you two.

Um, but did you know you were being spied on?

No.

You don't--you didn't?

No.

His two younger brothers.

No.

She is a beauty.

They were in the bushes spying on you two.

Wow. That's awkward.

I think you made quite an impression.

Yeah?

Yeah.

You think they like me?

They all love you.

I loved his brothers.

Chris: Yeah.

I told his brothers that if it all didn't work out that I'd be calling 'em.

I love that you had no idea.

I really had no idea.

Chris is someone you liked a lot.

Mm-hmm.

But when you guys were dancing...

Don't do this to him. No.

(Crowd cheering)

♪

He struggled a little bit.

Yeah.

But it was very sweet and endearing.

(Crowd shouting indistinctly) And most guys would've just stood there and been like, "ugh. Whatever.

I can't dance.

I'm not even gonna try."

He tried, and I have to give him credit for that.

(Crowd continues shouting indistinctly)

Well, in Bermuda, you gave him a few pointers.

You just-- so how do I do the two-step?

You just step.

Like...

And then you just move while you step.

Okay, just move.

It doesn't really matter where you're going?

Yeah. Yeah, you just move.

You just... Okay.

Just pretend like nobody's there.

Hands all over the place?

Yeah, yeah.

I'm not wearing the right outfit for the running man, but I promise, before this is all over, I will teach you...

You'll teach me?

The running man.

I do a really good running man.

You do?

Hell, yeah, I do.

I will give you $4 to see that right now.

Mnh-mnh. I don't have my running man shoes on.

How about, um, "after the final rose"...

Mm-hmm.

I will do the running man?

(Laughs)

Deal.

(Bleep)

(Cheering)

I'm gonna hold her to that.

When we come back, it's an exciting sneak peek at the new season of bachelor pad."

(Cheering)

Which of your favorite bachelor" cast is back for love and a chance to win $250,000?

We're gonna find out.

And then, Ryan, Kalon, Chris, Sean-- all your favorite men from this season will be here, and they have a lot to say.

And later-- we've got bloopers.

It's coming up when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" returns.

♪

(Cheering)

(Cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

I'm Chris Harrison.

What happens to the men and women who don't find love on the bachelor" or bachelorette" and leave the show in tears?

Well, there's a special place that they can go for a second sh*t at love and a chance to win a quarter of a million dollars.

We call that place bachelor pad."

Let's take a sneak peek at the new, dramatic, fun-filled, sexy season of bachelor pad."

♪

Man: As soon as the first challenge happens tomorrow, (crying)

(Woman cries)

I'm sorry. I can't even...

(Sniffles)

Man: I never realized it would be this hard.

(Crying) (Woman) I didn't think you were gonna att*ck her.

Woman: I didn't att*ck her.

I just said, "what the hell" -- you att*cked her.

(Screams)

(Bleep) (Speaks indistinctly)

Man: I tell you what you need to hear.

You're a... loose Cannon.

(Crying)

This is miserable, really.

You encouraged me, but I... (Bleep)

I (Bleep) You, dude.

Money is ugly.

"Bachelor pad" is back like you've never seen it before-- wow.

The sexiest...

Yeah.

Most outrageous...

(Cheering)

And most controversial bachelors and bachelorettes in history...

Really?

What else would you expect?

Are back for a second chance to find love...

Mr. Harrison.

Mr. Stagliano.

I'm back, guys!

And I'm running this (Bleep).

(Cheering)

And to win a quarter of a million dollars.

Don't fall. Don't.

Don't. Don't.

I need this money so bad.

I want to be able to put food in my refrigerator, gas in my car-- it's that bad.

She will do whatever she has to do.

She'll throw her body at a d*ad dog if it's gonna get her ahead in life. (Laughs)

I need the $250,000.

Helicopter fuel is expensive.

There will be love triangles...

You think you can just spend the night with me, but then the next morning, you go and take Sarah?

Devious betrayals...

There are professional liars here.

You get betrayed by your friends...

And money's...

(Cries) Just not worth it.

Devastating heartbreak...

(Sobs)

Oh, my God!

It's already a hell hole!

(Giggles) Hello.

And a special twist...

Welcome.

You're one of our fans.

I am. I'm a huge fan.

What's your name?

Donna.

Donna.

You just said my name.

Can you say it again?

Donna.

Welcome to bachelor pad."

Woman: If someone walks in and starts doing the, like, "oh, my God, it's you," then it's not gonna be cool.

Oh, my goodness.

I'm so excited.

It's, like, you didn't earn your spot here.

You know, like, you didn't get dumped on national television yet.

(Camera shutter clicks)

Money sh*t.

But these fans are here to win.

We are gonna, like, make bachelor pad" history.

We're gonna take the alumni out of the house within the first three votes.

My strategy on bachelor pad" is to come in, kind of act like the pushover, next thing you know, I'm in the final four.

I think you're an ugly loser and, like, your plan is not going to work.

I'm gonna make your life a living hell, so enjoy that.

It's the most shocking season of bachelor pad" ever.

Aah!

(Tires squeal)

(Air horn sounds)

The challenges are everything.

You can't go home if you win a challenge.

Oh...

I'm playing this game right now for my son, and I'm gonna fight till the death.

Man: I will sweat, I will bleed.

I'll do whatever it takes to get that money.

Chris: Oh, this is close.

This is close.

Your word--brassiere.

"B"...

Never would I have ever imagined the spelling bee would be the most brutal challenge.

(Dings) (Woman sighs)

That is incorrect.

I am going to die.

Like, I'm really gonna die.

What city has an airport known as love field?

If I don't win the next challenge, I'm gone.

Incorrect.

Oh!

(expl*si*n)

Oh, my God.

Woman: Everywhere you look, there's somebody falling in love.

It's amazing.

Woman: This is a real-life fairy tale.

And even though I'm a fan, I want to find love here, 110%.

Woman: Something is definitely brewing between Kalon and Lindzi.

I have a little crush on Kalon.

Look, no hands.

(Laughs)

America hates him, but I kind of think he's awesome.

Getting to kiss Rachel was such a good reminder of what it is to be in love, what it feels like.

It's everything that I've been missing.

(Crying) I feel like I can't.

Rachel: The thing that I'm absolutely the most afraid of is having to go through another heartbreak again.

I felt like I was falling in love with Michael.

But I feel really st right now.

(Sniffles and whimpers)

Promise me you'll be my partner till the end.

(Blakeley) Chris is adorable.

He's so trusting and caring.

Being in bed with Blakeley is like being in prison.

Jamie is a very pretty girl.

Out with the old and in with the new.

Chris is pretty cute.

Chris: It's like buying a new car.

You got the nice new car smell.

If Chris wants to have a happy relationship with someone, I'm your girl.

Chris: But the best thing I have done is traded in Blakeley and Jamie for someone new.

(Laughs)

Man: On bachelor pad," there's no guarantee that you won't get played.

You can't trust anybody in the house.

That's all part of the game.

Didn't you say you were gonna marry Jillian, and then you moved in together, and then you cheated on her?

I love reid, but I do not trust him at all.

Ed: Reid came on the bachelorette," and at the end, Jillian chose me.

I'll do anything to get ed out of the house.

You say one thing and do the complete...

Opposite, dude.

Ed: He is my number one enemy.

Reid: And now it's (Bleep) On.

Payback is a b*tch.

I am going to (Bleep)

Smash this guy.

♪

(Cheering)

It's gonna be so good.

Don't miss the exciting season premiere of bachelor pad."

It's one week from tonight, Monday, July 23rd.

Trust me.

Going to be like nothing else you've ever seen on TV.

Well, up next, it's time to hear from the most memorable men of this season.

(Cheering)

The most recent man to leave heartbroken will be here--Sean.

(Cheering)

And what do the guys really think of Ryan?

And then there's Kalon...

(Booing) And his baggage.

All that and more when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" continues.

(Cheering)

♪

If you'd like to date the next bachelor or bachelorette, go to bachelor.abc.com and click apply."

(Cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

Well, this has been a season of dramatic surprises, shocking exits, and heartfelt romance.

Now everyone's wondering what the men have to say about it all.

So without further delay, let's meet the guys!

Please welcome...

He's so cute when he blushes like that.

Fellas, good to see you all again.

You, too, Chris.

Let's jump right into it.

Who was the first one out of the limo?

Sean. He was in my limo.

Sean.

Wow.

All right, Sean.

(Cheering)

All right, now this is gonna be a long show if every time I say "Sean"...

(Men laugh)

(Cheering)

You guys... (Laughs)

(Laughs)

You know, a lot of pressure-- first out, you walk in the house, there's nobody there.

You know, we pull up, and I see Emily standing at the top of the stairs, just looking like a goddess for, you know...

Women: Aw!

(Sean laughs) She did!

Nah, dude.

Wear--wearing this beautiful gold dress.

And--and I have no idea what I'm gonna say, and I'm just hoping that I don't fumble over my words.

Yeah. And I don't remember what I said.

And, uh, apparently it came across okay.

John: I was in the limo with Sean and Arie.

So, I mean, I didn't blackout but it was just like, I didn't remember completely what I said.

I just said, "my name's John, and all my friends call me 'wolf, '" and I don't-- and then I was like, okay.

Then next--the next one.

So it was crazy.

Chris, I had--I had a guy come out in front of me with a boom box, dancing and going crazy.

I'm like, I've gotta do a whole lot better than this.

And then everybody sees me with a freaking ostrich egg.

So... (Chuckles)

Yeah, it was totally surreal.

And I was one that never gets nervous about anything, but oh, my gosh.

Sweatin' b*ll*ts.

Kalon, a little different first night for you.

You know, you try to prepare yourself ment*lly and physically, uh, prior to--to meeting Emily and certainly these gentlemen, and, uh, that certainly goes all out the window.

Randy: Well, Kalon and I actually had, uh...

Coming on--coming in on a helicopter...

Similar experiences.

You kinda put yourself behind the eight ball.

Um... and we're gonna get to that later on.

But as you guys are talking about, you know, it happens every time.

25 guys, throw in one hot blonde, and what do you get?

Drama, jealousy, and a little bit of crazy.

Take a look.

♪

Man: Emily is the hottest bachelorette.

She is definitely a catch.

She looks better in person.

She looks gorgeous.

She's beautiful.

(All) To the hottest mom in the world.

Hey!

Hey!

Travis: 25 guys in the house.

Everybody's wantin' to see her, everybody's wantin' to be with her, and everybody's just going haywire.

att*ck! att*ck! att*ck!

Give it all you got!

Whoa!

Man: I mean, this is a cutthroat competition.

For the attention of one women.

I don't like you. I wouldn't like me either if I were you, bro.

The man claws are officially out.

There's a huge difference between a man at 25 and a man at 30 and 35.

Chris: I disagree.

Well, that's 'cause you're 25.

Right.

(All laugh)

I'm confident that I am more mature than the majority of the guys that are left here in this house.

Chris: I wanna know why you think you're the better man.

I never said I was.

Chris is all over the place.

He's very immature.

I'm never, ever gonna stand down to you.

You don't get my competitive juices flowin' at all.

He is young, and there's no way he's ready or mature enough to be a Dad.

It's a big deal.

Make sure you guys are ready, 'cause there's nothing more important in my heart than my son Austin.

Doug seems to be a part of 80% or 90% of the confrontations and the drama.

You are here.

You made the decision to put that on hold.

Wow. Be--be really careful.

Well, I'm sorry if you misunderstood.

Dude, just stop right there.

Just check it.

Chris: Doug is overly humble...

I'm coming back. I'll--I'll see you guys tonight, hopefully.

But he gets mad over the smallest, pettiest stuff.

Dude, you gotta flip this around, bro.

Dude, I'm not (Bleep)--I'm not (Bleep) Being self-deprecating.

I just don't (Bleep) Know what I'm gonna do.

Doug was like the hulk.

(Imitates the incredible hulk)

Doug angry!

Doug smash!

Doug sad.

Yeah!

What's going on, guys?

How you doing?

Sorry I'm a little late.

Kalon is very pompous.

I saw you from above.

It looked like you were having a little party.

(Chuckles) Where's the bar?

Sean: Kalon has this air about him.

All yours, buddy. Enjoy.

(Chuckles)

I get the impression he thinks he might be better than other people.

So it's a little annoying.

How did it go?

No matter how bad it went, it had to be better than hanging out here with these guys.

I have a rule.

If you have Louis vuitton luggage and you're a dude, you're an (Bleep).

(All laugh and cheer)

Emily: How are y'all?

From the gentlemen in the room.

The cockiest person in the house definitely has to be Ryan.

Ryan: I'm confident, think I'm around for another week.

Ryan is just habitually talking about himself.

Like, I don't-- I'm very good at everything I do.

I personally feel like of has blessed me with--in a lot of ways.

I feel like he thinks really highly of himself, and I feel like he's the type of dude that would think he's gonna be, like, the next bachelor.

Do I want Ryan to come home?

That's tough. No.

He's gone.

Oh, my God.

Get outta here.

Hmm.

You know, right now, I can't imagine how shocked, you know, the guys are, you know, to find out that I didn't come back.

Ooh!

You kidding, dude?!

Ooh, hoo hoo!

Are you...

Ryan: We've built great friendships, you know.

I'll see those guys again soon.

Yes!

Emily is my dream date.

Wow.

Jef: Are you kidding me?

(Cheers and applause)

(Ryan laughs)

You were happy, man.

You were so happy.

(Man speaks indistinctly)

Where do we start?

Um, Chris? Yep?

Let's begin with you.

Here's my perspective.

I cared about that girl so much that--

I-I will admit that at times I was immature.

I really was, and a little over-the-top.

But that's because I was freaking out.

(Laughs)

I was freaking out because-- really? (Laughs)

Because I wanted that opportunity to take her home to my family, which meant the most to me, and show her that this is who I am and this is what I want you to be a part of.

Mm-hmm. And if I didn't get that opportunity, I felt like this whole journey would've been a waste for me.

And, um, obviously the guys who were older than me and thought they were more mature than me, it didn't work out so well for you guys.

Uh, I would disagree with that because you're basically saying now that it's a maturity contest.

I wouldn't say-- well, that's what you guys were saying to me...

No, I mean-- that I was immature 'cause I was 25 years old.

I--

I-I don't know how many times we have to have this same conversation.

(Laughter)

John: But we'll have it again.

The conversation was never about Chris and--or Chris'-- it had nothing to--it had nothing to do with Chris.

I just--Chris, you got offended somehow and was--I felt bad that you-- well, you generalized 25-year-olds.

No, I didn't.

Yes, you did.

Ryan: It bothers you.

That bothers you so much.

It absolutely does bother me.

It does bother me.

But you know what? The thing is, if you're very confident...

I am confident in myself.

Then it doesn't-- obviously not as confident in myself as you are in yourself. I agree. I agree.

But what I'm saying is--

I mean, this was--this was Emily's season, not your season.

Oh, my God. (Laughs) You're a great dude, you're young, you're--you're a young guy, but it doesn't matter.

I will tell you this. No, let me tell you--let me tell you something really quick.

I never spoke a bad word about you or anybody else in this house.

I know you haven't.

No, I don't think anyone has said a bad word about you either...

(Speaks indistinctly)

But here's the thing. At that point in this whole process, there was five or six other guys that were really falling for this girl.

You weren't. You were going for the wrong reasons.

No, I really--I wanted to.

I certainly wanted to but-- of course you wanted to. We all wanted to.

But we were at that point where we were. Well-- and that--that--that personally offended--that offended me.

You--you were offended by a lot of things. You know, um...

(Laughter)

I am not personally offended by much...

(Scattered applause)

To be very honest with you.

John: You kinda looked-- you kind of talked down to us that we were, like, inadequate for Emily.

Like, we wouldn't-- we didn't measure up.

And that's what rubbed--

I think everybody here, we can all kinda say that Ryan put himself on an upper Echelon of a level that--that he didn't see us, that we were at.

I really don't think there was anything necessarily that, uh, drove anyone crazy.

I think you were the honest number one concern for everybody in the house.

And as nice as you were and as humble as you were, I think every guy would be lying to you if they weren't threatened by your relationship with Emily.

Chris H.: Kalon, uh, at first night, you came in and g*n kinda blazin', saying, you know, "hey, boys.

Hear there's a party here."

I mean, you kinda put a target on your own back, right?

Uh, I didn't see it that way.

I think if anybody else would've arrived that way, I-I would've been genuinely interested just to hear their story.

Um, I mean, it is...

(Laughter)

No. Come on, man. Come on.

It's--it's competition!

Come on, man!

Yeah, it's-- it's a unique scenario.

I mean, nothing that you can even pretend to mirror in the real world, nothing you can PR--uh, pretend to prepare yourself for, um, and I really didn't know what I was walking into.

Obviously, the way you came in was different than the way we all came in.

And, um, I don't--I didn't respect or appreciate the way you called Ricki baggage."

Right, and I acknowledged that in that scenario.

Um, you know, everyone will acknowledge it.

You're kinda not yourself after a few weeks.

Some things start to get to you.

I was obviously extremely frustrated that I put myself out there and that, uh--

(charlie) That's (Bleep), dude.

I was--I was myself through the whole time, dude.

The whole time from...

(Cheers and applause)

The moment I was there to the moment I left, dude.

I was myself, dude.

Not one time did I not feel I was not in my realm.

And there were some times where I wanted-- really wanted to, like, smack you in your face because you were so disrespectful.

And, like, it got to the point to where I really wanted you to go home, and I was upset that I got sent home before you.

And I think that was the point that...

(Man speaks indistinctly)

Man: I was myself 100%.

No one else said it to his face.

I just wanna say that, okay.

So no one else did actually say it to you, but I called it from the beginning.

I called it. You said what to my face?

That you didn't like me?

That I didn't like you, that you weren't there for the right reasons.

And what reasons are those? That was, like, literally day three.

Emily's--that Emily's daughter was baggage?

You weren't going in there for that intention at all.

You were just there for the spotlight.

You came in a chopper.

Randy: Dude, I really have a hard time believing you did not know that you weren't gonna be disliked coming like that.

Well, I don't know.

I guess a lot of my friends and the people I know are extremely confident people and they wouldn't panic when a stranger shows up.

Stevie: And what good friends did you make in the house?

'Cause you say you made a few good friends.

I'm just wondering who.

Uh, I'm great friends with, uh, with Chris and Tony here.

Stevie: Oh. Wow.

(Laughs) Tony's...

Tony's like...

(Laughter)

All right, boys, that's just to start.

We got a lot more to come.

Hold on.

Uh, when we come back, we're gonna put Kalon right here in the hot seat.

And later, we'll hear from Emily herself.

What will she say to the boys when she sees them for the first time?

All that and more when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" returns.

(Cheering)

(Cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

I'm Chris Harrison.

Well, it's time to talk about one of the most controversial men of the season-- maybe ever on this show.

He was disliked by the guys from the very beginning, but it was his shocking exit from the show that got everybody talking.

Kalon, time to explain it all.

Come and join me in the hot seat, man.

(Cheering and booing hey, man.

How you doing, Chris?

Have a seat.

Thank you, sir.

Um... all right.

A lot to ask you, and I know you have...

Lot to talk about.

Stuff that you wanna explain.

Before we get into everything, let's--let's take a look back. Okay.

What's going on, guys?

How you doing?

Sorry I'm a little late.

I'm Kalon.

Nice to meet you, guys.

I saw you from above.

It looked like you were having a little party.

(Chuckles) Where's the bar?

Kalon has an air about him, and it kind of feels like he's looking down on people in the house.

So I don't like you.

I wouldn't like me either if I were you, bro.

Oh, ho ho!

But fortunately, I'm me.

I don't like Kalon.

I think he's fake.

He thinks he's writing sonnets every time he speaks.

How did it go?

Uh, it went really well.

I couldn't have planned it any better.

I'm just ment*lly refreshed.

If Kalon continues to talk to people the way he does, someone might punch him in the face.

(Women cheering)

They'll hold down the fort.

John: Is Kalon ready to be a father?

I don't think so.

I-I don't see him missing a facial to go pick up Ricki from soccer practice.

I will be the most amazing father imaginable.

How do you feel about me being a mom?

Well-- like...

I-I-I love it when you talk, but I wish you'd let me finish.

(Booing)

Okay.

I wanna b*at that guy's (Bleep).

And he's rude.

He's got--he's got bad game.

Well, we need to get back to rehearsal.

(Raspy voice) I know.

I'm sorry I'm interrupting you can run along.

Stevie: He's very much into himself.

People are figuring him out, and I think he's gonna fold and he's gonna show right in front of Emily.

One of the guys in your house referred to Ricki as baggage."

(Whispers) Who?

(Raspy voice) Who?

Kalon.

Do you have anything to say for yourself?

Yeah. Um...

I mean, it's unfortunate it came up a-again with a negative connotation.

(Scoffs) I mean, it's not...

Baggage. That's-- that's part of your life.

And--and it's gonna be a big responsibility for, you know, whoever of these men you-- you happen to end up with.

It's a huge blessing.

That is my heart and soul.

And for anyone to say that that's baggage-- well, that's certainly-- let me talk.

Okay.

I love to hear you talk, but not until I'm done.

I got that line from you.

(Cheering)

So for anyone to say that that's baggage, does not deserve to be on any date with me.

So is there anything you can say to say, "no, I didn't say that"?

No, not at all.

Then get the (Bleep) Out.

(Cheering)

Let's go back to the beginning.

Why did you come on this show?

Um, well, I think initially, once I found out that Emily was the bachelorette...

Mm-hmm.

It was, um, obviously huge a issue that she did have a child.

Originally when you signed up, you didn't know.

Correct.

But long before you arrived on night one, you knew...

Absolutely.

As--as all of you did, that it was a," Emily, "b," she has a daughter.

Absolutely. But at that point, I-I was committed.

And I think it would've said less about my character had I backed out just because she had a child.

I don't think anyone would've held it against you to--to pull yourself out if you knew you didn't want-- want that in your life.

Well, I didn't know for a fact that I absolutely did not want...

Okay.

A-a stepchild.

I was still very, very interested in meeting Emily.

And I'm an optimist.

I really believe that anything can happen.

On the Shakespeare date, when she walks up, like, when you're like, "run along now..."

(Laughter)

Like-- yeah, well--

I-I know.

Like, is that just your playfulness...

Yeah, it is-- and it just comes out really, really, wrong?

It--I guess so.

(Laughter)

It is--it is, you know, a-a personality.

But again, she was extremely sick.

She was annoying you. Oh.

No, not annoying me at all.

And Ryan was there. We were both more than happy to see her.

She was extremely sick, and it's freezing cold outside.

And we were both like, you know, "let us do this, and you go inside and get somewhere warm, and, you know, we're gonna perform this thing for you."

But why not say, "hey, sweetie, why don't you go get some soup?

It's cold outside"?

(Laughter)

Well...

Instead it's, "hey, (Bleep) Off."

(Laughter)

(Chris laughs)

I guess my humor's wasted on a lot of people.

I think it's just a matter of how it's put.

Do you feel that you were rude to her?

I mean, obviously it is a very unique scenario, and some people thrive and some people don't.

Um, for me, it wasn't necessarily my--my environment.

Um-- oh, my God.

This is ridiculous.

You were here for the glitz and the glamour.

(Cheering)

This is so ridiculous.

Hold on.

I honestly thought he was there more for the camera than for Emily.

One second. I'm absolutely gonna open this up.

Come on.

Um, when you told Emily one-on-one, "I like to hear you talk, but not till I'm finished"...

(Murmuring)

Well, did you watch the show back and be like, "holy cr... I can't believe I just said that to a woman"?

Um... no.

I mean, of all-- of all the things...

There ya go. There ya go.

Man: Wow.

Kalon: Of all the things that came out of my mouth, I really didn't think that was the most offensive.

Okay, what was--and, okay, that's a good question.

In your mind, what was the--

Joe: Go get in your helicopter.

What was the most offensive thing?

(Cheering)

In your mind, what was the most offensive thing said?

Um, well, the most offensive thing that came across was obviously Ricki being referred to as baggage.

Okay.

Were you misunderstood or...

Um, I don't know if I was misunderstood.

I, like my friend Ryan there, I-I don't have a filter and I'm not apologetic.

That--for some reason, everybody in America likes for things to be sugarcoated.

(Laughter)

If you were, like, a real man, you would've not gone on the show because you knew Emily had a daughter.

Yet you still came on.

But she's baggage?

(Applause)

Doug.

You know, you were--you were definitely offended, as a Dad, about the baggage comment.

Is it really ever okay to kind of make that comment, especially to a single mom?

Yeah, n--well, no, the comment's obviously never okay.

You just--you don't refer to kids as baggage because, I mean, kids can't help but be here.

I mean, they--they're here just going, "can, you know, somebody take care of me?"

I don't have a child.

I don't need a child to know that that's uncalled for.

If you truly want to win a woman's heart and ultimately find love, you love the woman and embrace every part of her.

Part of Emily is Ricki.

(Cheering)

Well, I-I do appreciate you coming up here, and I hope, for your sake and for everybody's sake, I hope you did learn something.

I really do hope you took something from this experience.

We're about to see a lot more of you, coming up next week, next Monday night right here on abc.

You are part of bachelor pad."

(Murmuring)

What can we expect coming up?

Um, well, all I can say is, expect the unexpected.

Okay. Thank you, man.

I appreciate it.

Kalon, everybody.

Coming up, he thought he was the most popular man in the house, but it turned out...

Mnh, not so much.

Ryan's gonna join us.

And then, Emily sent Sean home with a broken heart.

How's he doing now?

We're gonna find out.

All this and more when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" returns.

(Cheering)

♪
(Cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

You know, from the start, it seemed that Ryan was a front-runner to win Emily's heart.

But unfortunately for him, he had a knack for saying...

Well, let's just say the wrong thing at the wrong time, and an attitude that made him one of the most hated men in the house.

Ryan, come up here and join me, man.

(Cheering)

What's up, dude?

Have a seat.

How we doin'?

Uh, I'm doing great.

Uh...

Me, too.

So much to talk to you about.

And, uh, and I also wanna hear everything you have to say.

But first, let's take a look back at what happened.

♪

Hi.

Well, don't you look amazing?

Emily: Ryan grabbed my attention right out of the limo.

I took some notes so I could remember exactly what I wanted to say to you. Oh!

Ryan is like every girl's checklist.

Tall--check. Dark--check.

Handsome--check.

(Singsongy)

I think she likes me.

(Laughs)

Don't make this easy on me.

I want you to make this tough for me.

You are--you made it clear from the beginning you're all about the chase.

Honey, I'm gon' give you a chase if you ask for it.

Ooh, lord!

There is definitely a playful side to Ryan.

It's really endearing.

He's definitely giving me chills.

It takes my breath away.

I can't hardly breathe right now.

He's saying everything that any girl would want to hear, and here I am, falling for it.

The world is our pearl.

No, it's not. It's our oyster.

Oyster. Yeah.

See, I'm only seeing the good in things.

You are. You are.

I mean, I'm looking--

I'm already thinking there was a pearl in there.

You're very--you're good.

Good?

You got all the lines.

Oh, babe, I'm just getting started today.

Oh, I know.

Ryan is a (Bleep).

(Laughs)

That's all I can really say.

Are you excited?

I'm very excited.

It's like Christmas.

I know.

Tony has to sit here and listen to you read this.

(Laughs) (Arie) You know, Ryan isn't the guy that he always says he is.

But I have a lot of trust in her judgment and I think she'll see through it.

I'm hoping she does.

(Laughs) You are trouble.

(Laughs)

Ryan: I'm sure most of those guys wish that they were me, you know?

You know, I have a lot of worldly gifts but yet there's a ton of depth.

Stand right here.

Look at this beautiful view!

You're good.

Oh, my God.

I can't believe I'm here right now.

This is the prettiest thing that I've ever seen.

Everything that I've done in sports, you know, and being a part of those teams has just prepared me to be here.

This whole thing is done.

If it doesn't work out for me, I'm involved with the media back home.

I'm gonna say, "let's do bachelor Ryan. 'Bachelor: Augusta.'"

(laughs) You know what I mean?

If I was the bachelor, I would be ready to open my heart up, you know, and it'll be--it'll be neat for everybody to see.

While I do have so much fun with you, I don't know if what we want out of a relationship is the same.

That is why I can't give you the rose tonight.

See ya!

(Applause)

Ryan: Losin' sucks.

Nobody wants to be a loser.

When you look at me, do you think I'm a-- you're looking at a winner.

Oh, man.

That's shocking, man.

Getting the axe this evening, that's definitely a blow, but one thing that I definitely hoped in all of this is that the way that I am portrayed is for who I really am.

You know, and not confident for the wrong things because...

Spend five minutes with me, I'll tell you that I'm...

While I've blessed with many worldly gifts...

(Laughter) Those are not worth being confident in.

So...

For your guys who cut this up, you know, do a good job in portraying exactly who I am and not, you know...

An arrogant ass.

(Laughter and cheering)

(Chuckles) Oh, my goodness.

(Clears throat)

Where to begin?

"Blessed with so many worldly gifts."

Um, yet--yet many do think you are that arrogant ass.

I mean, I--there's no doubt that I am very confident in me, but I'm also very confident in, you know, who God has made me to be.

You know, I feel that if you're gonna be successful in life, that you have to truly believe in yourself.

And there were times in my life where, you know, I really doubted my own abilities and it kept me from being the football player or the--or the, uh, guy sociably that I could be, you know?

And when I watched the show, I mean, I do laugh at a lot of that stuff because I know in what context I'm answering these questions and talking about these things, you know, and-- but--but I think, like, who says that?

(Laughter)

Like, is there a line, and however fine that line is, between confidence and arrogance?

And what side of that fence are you on?

No, I think that definitely the confidence side.

Arrogance is a false sense of confidence.

Now, I mean, I'm just a fun-loving guy.

I embrace the things that I--

I mean, I really am.

So when you're in a setting like this where there's 25 guys coming in and after 1 female, I mean, that--that search for the alpha male and--and in your own territory and stuff, that's tough.

All right, well, let's open it up to the boys.

Chris, you're shaking your head.

Honestly, I'm--I'm just confused a little bit.

Um...

(Chris H. Laughs)

You know what? And-- and this is coming from the guy that basically stated on one of these past episodes...

Well, actually, I'm talking right now.

That you were a better man than...

I'm--I'm talking right-- any of the other guys in the house. He asked me to talk.

He asked me to talk. He asked me to talk.

I never said that.

He asked me to talk.

Go ahead.

All right.

Okay. Anyway...

Ahem. Tell me where you're confused.

I'm confused, you know.

I'm confused on how your feelings were for-- what's the half about me?

I'm talking right now to you.

Please listen.

(Laughs)

Is that okay for me to talk?

(Chuckles) Come on.

Yeah, I'm--I'm coming. Here I come.

Okay, here I come. Give me something to--

I'm coming right now.

Chris H.: What's your question?

My question is, how--how were your feelings for Emily?

And did you actually see her as someone that you could propose to at the end of this?

Well, I will tell you this.

I found my journal the other day and I was reading through it, and how excited I was.

Um...

(Laughter)

But I began to question that, Chris. And I will say this-- and maybe this is the wrong thing to say-- but it was never fully about Emily.

It was about me finding my wife.

Okay? And there's a big-- there's a big difference there.

And I was looking for my wife, and I did not find her.

(Man speaks indistinctly)

That's--that's...

That's poetic and all, but Emily's our bachelorette.

Yeah.

Emily was our bachelorette.

And I was hoping that she would be my wife.

I came on looking to see if she-- is she the woman for me?

The same thing she's doing with 25 guys and say--

John: I think--I think what rubbed everybody the wrong way is that after your one-on-one date in Charlotte with her, you basically looked at me and said I'm inadequate for Emily and that you've got the perfect girl for me... and that you pretty much-- now, John, I never said you were not right for Emily.

Ah, I think you did.

What I said...

(Laughs) What I said...

What I said is, I felt like Emily and I were gonna have something.

But then I also really liked you...

Right.

And I thought about how I really also feel very good about the last girl that I dated, and I thought, my gosh, she's better for you than she was for me.

That's a compliment really, to be honest with you.

Thank you, I think. I don't know.

Because-- here's--here's--this is an honest question.

I want you to think about this.

Is--is there room, in possibility, that you might just be an arrogant ass?

No.

(Laughter)

There's no chance?

No.

I'm not an arrogant ass.

In all seriousness, no chance?

Not--not--not a chance hat I'm an arrogant-- because to be honest with you, if you're a evaluated...

(Under breath) Oh, my God.

On the things that you say 24/7 for 6 or 7 weeks...

Right.

Then you're bound to say some things that can get you caught up.

But you said a lot of things.

Well, there was a lot of time, and I did say a lot of things.

It's unbelievable sometimes.

Let me--let me say something.

Go ahead, Chris.

Unfortunately for me-- this is a lack of--this is insecurity on your part...

Unfortunately for me-- but go ahead.

(Laughter)

Unfortunately for me...

Come on.

Unfortunately for me and fortunately for Jef and Arie, they're not here to back me on all this.

You've said to Arie, "you know what?

"It's gonna be me and you at the end, and if you win, I'll probably be the next bachelor." So...

You know what? I had--I will-- you did--y did say that.

I will own that I had that conversation with not just Arie but several front-runner guys.

And I won't call any of those names out.

I didn't consider you to be one.

I'm sorry.

So I didn't have that conversation with you.

But it was--if I'm there in the end, the worst-case scenario is that maybe I have an opportunity to meet 25 ladies that would be a great fit for me.

I wanna speak for abc and just put everybody's minds at ease...

Not gonna happen.

I just...

(Laughter and cheering)

Everybody relax.

(Laughs)

Um, was that part of it?

Did you think about that coming into it?

Was that one of the options?

Do you think that I really wanna go be bachelor: Augusta," where I'm from?

I've been a bachelor in au--

I've been a bachelor in Augusta for a long time.

No, no, but...

You really honestly wouldn't change anything?

No. You wouldn't go back and you wouldn't...

The day in the park--

I was having fun, we were cutting up with her friends.

Mm-hmm.

And she says, "if I wanted to sit on the couch and eat cheeseburgers and get fat, would you still love me?"

So with that, I said, "well, I'd love you but I might just not love on you as much."

I don't--I--

I would not take that back.

I don't think you just made that any better.

No.

(Laughs)

I said it in humor.

I would say it again.

Matter of fact, when I go around town now or travel, people are like, "I love you but I wouldn't love on you as much."

And they think it's funny.

They saw the humor in it.

Okay?

We're making t-shirts.

We're making t-shirts, me and you.

Dude, I-I appreciate you coming on.

If nothing else, we had a lot of fun with you.

How about the trophy wife thing?

You wanna touch on that?

(Laughs)

You're making this worse.

I'm not making it worse.

If you know what I meant by it...

I'm looking for a prize, man.

Ladies, the line forms right over here.

(Laughs)

Ryan, everybody. Thanks, man.

When we return, he fell in love with Emily very quickly but he left heartbroken and angry.

Chris is gonna join us.

And then Emily's gonna be right here.

What will she say when she sees these guys for the first time?

All that and more when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" continues.

♪

(Cheering)

(Cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

Now from the start, it was clear that Chris was falling hard for Emily.

And he was one of the first to tell her that he loved her.

But just when he thought he surely had found his soul mate, she sent him home.

Chris, come and join us.

I don't want to.

(Cheering)

(Laughs) What are you doing?

You scared?

(Laughing)

Thanks for starting this off on a weird note.

(Laughs) Um...

You and Emily had this immediate spark.

As I said, one of the first to tell her that you had fallen in love.

Wanna talk about how it all started, how it all ended as well.

But let's take a look back.

♪

Hello.

Welcome.

You look absolutely gorgeous.

Thank you so much.

Hi, I'm Chris.

Emily. Nice to meet you.

Hi.

The first time I saw Emily, she looked absolutely perfect, like when you watch cartoons and the jaw just drops to the ground.

It's, like, dragging across the ground.

That was me.

I'm so excited to be here.

Yeah?

Emily: Chris is so sweet but yet he's not a pushover and he'll stand up for himself.

And I feel like he'd stand up for me, too.

If I had to draw up my perfect girl...

(Chuckles) Oh!

It would look exactly like you.

When I see Emily, I-I do get butterflies.

She definitely did capture my heart.

I have not ever in my whole life felt like this before.

After today, it makes it easy for me to say that--that I am in love with you...

Mmm.

And I do love you.

I love Emily in my mind, in my heart, in my gut, in everything.

This has to be the top moment of--of my life.

Sean.

(Sniffles)

It's definitely hard to say good-bye to someone you love.

And I haven't felt the way I have in a long time, you know, until I met Emily.

Do you have--I mean, is there-- do you have explanation? Or...

So many more of my relationships grew so much faster and deeper.

I don't understand.

I know. How much faster could it possibly move?

It's not even just--

I told you I loved you.

I...

You know, I loved the girl and I thought she loved me back.

She made me a believer again in, you know, falling in love.

This is unbelievable.

It sucks.

(Exhales deeply)

It's gonna be weird, you know, waking up tomorrow and...

Knowing there's no future with this girl.

I still don't understand.

No clue.

At all.

It just caught you completely by surprise that night?

Yeah.

Uh...

You know, when you bring girl home to your family, and you feel like...

Everything seems to go perfect, and after all is said and done, you know, she sends you home...

It hurts. It--it really, really, really hurt, and I was--I was not expecting it. I was-- you're still emotional just watching that.

Yeah. No, absolutely. Um...

I was... (Chuckles)

I was so happy.

You know, the time that me and Emily spend together, I really believed that I can--I can be with this girl for the rest of my life.

And, uh...

Obviously--obviously it wasn't perfect.

And, uh, that hurts.

It really does. It does.

When you let yourself be so vulnerable, especially as a guy, to come out and say "I love you" and then for it to go so wrong...

Yeah, it was, uh, I've had one relationship prior to that, that, uh, I had, you know, for a few years.

And, uh, it was young love.

But with Emily, you know, I believed in it.

I loved that girl 110%.

And that's why you can see myself being overly emotional sometimes. Yeah.

In the end, uh, when she was saying good-bye, it came off like you were angry.

Yep.

Do you anger quickly?

Is that--is that...

W-when there's something I really believe in... Yeah.

I'll do anything in the world to fight for it.

And if it looks like I'm coming off angry, then... that's how I come off.

Yeah.

But, uh, everything I do, I do for a reason.

And--and the opportunity that I had with Emily, it comes around once in a lifetime and whatever it was...

Yeah.

I would do anything in the world for it.

Because for me, you know, we're here today.

We can be gone tomorrow.

Right.

You know, uh...

I've had--you know, I've lost a couple good friends...

And, uh...

(Voice breaks)

That's why, you know, when I say the things I say, it's because I-I mean it, you know.

I'm not holding anything because I feel like there might not be that opportunity to say it tomorrow.

Nevertheless, this was a heartbreaking experience for you. Yeah.

Where are you now?

Are you willing to take risks again to--to love?

Yeah, absolutely.

She made me a believer, that falling in love is so special.

Right.

And it can happen.

And I am so appreciative of--of that, that I am looking forward to falling in love with that right girl.

I really am.

(Sniffles)

Moving forward, we're gonna see you next week move into bachelor pad."

Yeah.

(Cheering)

Uh, "bachelor pad" is an unbelievable experience, and I really hope everyone tunes in to watch, because...

(Tony) Oh, God.

You don't want that, dude.

It is unbelievable.

(Laughter) (Laughs) We will leave it at that.

I appreciate you sitting down, man.

Chris, everybody.

(Audience cheering)

Again, we're gonna see more of Chris next Monday for the premiere of bachelor pad."

(Cheering)

Coming up--

America thought he was the right guy for Emily, but he was the most recent to be sent home.

Talking about Sean.

He's gonna join me right here.

And then Emily will be back to face the men she left with broken hearts.

And remember, we've got bloopers-- when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" returns.

(Cheering)

♪

(Cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

I'm Chris Harrison.

You know, everywhere I go these days, I seem to get the same question from our viewers--

"why wasn't Sean among the final two men this season?"

(Cheers and applause)

After all, Emily herself referred to Sean as marriage material" and the perfect guy."

So what went wrong?

Let's bring him to the hot seat.

Sean!

(Cheering)

Sean: My.

How you doing, man?

Hey.

Jeez.

Wow. Jeez.

(Clears throat) (Whooping)

You have a few fans.

(Laughs)

(Cheering)

You do have a lot of fans, and you had a huge fan in Emily.

You guys had an amazing relationship that seemed to just be going perfectly.

And then it kind of all went wrong.

Um, let's take a look at what happened.

♪

You look amazing.

Thank you.

Emily, I'm Sean.

Emily. Nice to meet you.

Come here. Give me a hug.

When Sean first stepped out of the limo, I thought, "wow.

If he's the first guy, how are the rest even gonna compare?"

I can't wait to, uh, talk to you and get to know you a little bit.

You, too.

I really felt like I could trust Sean's intentions the very first time I met him.

I think it was like love at first sight.

Sean: Let me tell you what I think about love.

I think loving someone is giving yourself completely to them.

Emily: There are so many things that I just adore about Sean.

He's obviously so great looking, but he's such a gentleman.

(Cheering)

If we were to ever get married, Ricki would be my child...

Mm-hmm.

No doubt about it.

He's very confident without being overly cocky, yet he also has this, like, super sensitive, vulnerable side.

What are you doing here?

(Chuckles) Coming to see you.

He has every quality that any girl would want in a husband.

I have fallen in love with you, and I can't picture my life without you.

Ohh...

I feel like he's totally ready to be a Dad, totally ready to be married and love his wife forever and put her first.

And I really feel like the luckiest girl in the world right now.

♪

(Clicks tongue) Arie.

I know that a life with Sean would be perfect.

He's everything I've ever wanted right in front of me, everything I've ever prayed for right in front of me, and I'm just choosing to pass it by.

(Sighs)

(Sighs) (Door closes)

(Engine starts)

(Sniffling)

Sean: When I told her I loved her, I meant it with...

Every ounce of my being.

When she walked out tonight, in my head I thought, "that's my wife."

(Chuckles) And, um...

It's not.

(Crying)

I mean, I've had all week to think about this, and never did I think that I was gonna be going home.

You know, all my week, my thoughts have been consumed with, you know, being a father, being a husband.

(Clicks tongue) Um...

Which I was fully prepared to do.

(Crying)

You know, there's a lot of-- a lot of emotions going on inside of me right now.

Sadness.

Um...

Embarrassment.

I want to love someone with every ounce of my being.

(Sighs)

(Inhales and exhales)

(Man clears throat) (Applause)

I'd love to know what's going through your mind while you're watching that.

That's tough to watch.

Yeah.

Um, it puts me back...

Mm-hmm.

To that night where I went home, and, uh, it's tough to see Emily so emotional.

I'll be the first to say, I fell in love with that girl.

I still have very strong feelings for her.

And, um, you know, I-I truly did believe that she was my wife.

And like I said, it never entered into my thoughts that I could be going home that evening.

I was thinking about being a father and--and being a husband and moving on to that next chapter of my life, so it certainly took me by surprise.

What's the hardest thing about that, about hearing you're not the one?

You know, the feeling of, what am I missing?

Um, am I not bringing something to the table that--that either Arie or Jef is?

I mean, no one wants to feel inadequate in any way... Yeah.

And that's the emotion that pops up.

It seems those feelings are still there.

Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I--

(sighs) I fell in love with this girl, and I fell in love with her for a number of reasons.

Um, you know, she is an amazing person.

Mm-hmm. And that's not gonna fade overnight.

(Chuckles) I wish it would.

Yeah.

Um, but it hasn't, and, uh...

Although I do see the light at the end of the tunnel, I'm certainly still emotional.

And--and, um, you know, when I think about her and think about all the good times that we had, I-I miss her, no doubt about it.

What's it been like since you've been home?

You know, I spent several weeks questioning myself, and should have-- should I have said this or done this differently?

And, you know, Emily and I talked about it--

I've never really had a broken heart.

Um, I've had a couple of serious relationships in my life, and I ended both of them.

And, um, that was the first time that I've ever had to handle something like that.

It's truly the first time a woman's really broken your heart.

Yeah. Absolutely.

(Chuckling)

And I remember my mom--

I-I called her from Curaçao before I even got home, and she said, "you know what?

I think this is gonna be healthy for you in the long run, and it's good that everyone experiences heartbreak at one point in their life," so, you know, I'm so glad my-- my family lives close to me, because they've really been the support system that's helped me move forward.

Yeah, you talk a lot about your family. Mm-hmm.

Talk a lot about your parents.

How much do you want what your parents have?

I want it so bad.

And Emily has done so much for me, and one of which is, she's opened my eyes, and she showed me what I want out of life.

And it certainly leaves me hopeful for the future, because I'm more open now than I've ever been. Yeah.

And I cannot wait to find love.

And, um, hopefully she comes around sooner than later.

(Cheering)

(Chris speaks indistinctly)

All right, buddy. Well, I appreciate you sitting here.

Thank you.

Answering the questions.

Uh, and when we return, Emily will be right here, on this stage, to talk all about this season.

What does she have to say to this guy?

How about Chris?

(Cheering)

And is she still angry at Kalon?

We're gonna find out when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" returns.

(Cheering)

♪

(Cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

Yes, it is that time of the night.

Let's welcome back one of the most popular bachelorettes ever.

Ladies and gentlemen, here she is, Emily!

(Cheering)

All standing at attention.

Hi! Thank you!

Thank you.

Hey there, girl.

Hi!

Good to see you.

I know!

Come on over!

Emily: Thank you! Hi!

Hey!

Give me a hug.

I'm sorry.

(Chuckles) I didn't-- hey!

Okay.

Emily: Hello!

How's it going?

Great!

Well, it's good to see you again.

You, too!

You look fantastic.

Thank you.

What's it like to walk out here, and--I mean, so many guys you had a great time with, chemistry with... Yeah.

And was falling in love with some of them.

You know, it's--

I'm excited to see everybody.

I'm really excited to see all of y'all.

And, um, Sean, it's really good to see you, too.

Good to see you.

I haven't seen you in a while.

Is it tough, honestly, to walk out here, and--and you see Sean?

Yeah.

Because that was such an emotional good-bye.

Absolutely. I mean, you know, obviously, everybody saw I had such strong feelings.

Yeah.

And it really did feel like I was falling in love, and, so, yeah.

Most girls don't have to come back and be in my position.

Right.

But... Is there anything you would like to say?

Is there anything more you'd like to say?

(Clicks tongue) Um...

I want you to know that I watched the episode and literally sat in my room and did, like, the ugly cry.

Ugly, ugly, ugly cry.

And everything that I felt for you was so true and so genuine and real for me.

I really appreciate you saying that.

I never questioned your sincerity.

I know you're genuine.

Thank you.

And, uh, if anything, I want to thank you, 'cause you opened up my eyes.

I know what I want out of life.

I fell in love with you.

It obviously didn't work out, but, um, it certainly makes me hopeful for the future.

I mean, what girl wouldn't want Sean?

(Cheers and applause)

I want to move down the aisle here to Chris.

Man: Yes.

Hi.

What would you like to say?

Tough for first time seeing her since all this?

Yeah. Well, first I want to say one thing to you that I didn't say to you after we said good-bye, and-- you opened my eyes to something that...

I had questions about.

You know.

I really believe in falling in love, and at that time, I thought it was you.

But I respect that, you know, there's two other guys that may be all right for you.

Yeah.

And it wasn't me.

And at the same time, thank you from the bottom of my heart for opening my eyes to-- to falling in love.

Mmm.

You really, truly made me believe again, absolutely.

Thank you.

(Applause)

(Cheering)

Another good-bye that probably wasn't emotional.

It was definitely awkward.

(Laughs) Um...

Doug?

Hi. (Chuckles) Hi, Emily.

How did I know where to look?

(Laughs)

That was a moment. Uh...

It was.

I've never had the break-up talk and my first kiss with someone in one conversation, so... (Laughter)

I literally was sitting there thinking, "she's just gonna tell me, like, 'you gotta kiss me, "'and then we're gonna go on a hometown date, and it's gonna be great.'"

I kinda read that whole thing wrong. (Laughs)

(Laughs) You think?

A little bit.

Well, you not good maybe sometimes at reading a girl's sign...

Y--yeah-- and I am not good in awkward moments, because the best thing I could come up was...

(Flat voice) "Thank you for that." (Laughter)

What is wrong with me?!

Maybe it just wasn't meant to be between the two of you.

Yeah. I do have one regret, though.

What's that?

Um, I left the night in London, after the group date, and I got in the car, and I was able to kind of decompress a little bit.

Right.

And--and I had a huge regret, and I wish I would have given you the group date rose.

I do.

That's sweet of you.

And I wish I would have-- because he was the one that stood up in London and...

Yeah, and-- defended you.

I could be engaged to Kalon right now, and thank God for Doug.

(Laughter, cheering, and applause)

Do we really think that would have been an option? No.

Um, okay.

(Laughter)

Well, that said, I-I will always have your back, Emily.

Thank you very much.

(Audience) Aww!

You, uh...

Thank you.

So you bring up our friend Kalon.

Um, how infuriated were you that night?

I was angry, obviously.

We get that, yeah.

I was a little bit angry.

That came across.

And disappointed.

You know? I've always prided myself on being a good judge of character, and I didn't know what was wrong with me that I let someone like that through the cracks.

Kalon, what would you like to say to Emily?

Um, Emily, obviously I would like to apologize for the way things transpired.

Um, you look extremely, extremely happy, so I'm happy for you.

Mm-hmm.

Um, but at the same time, you know, I'm obviously sorry the way things went down between us.

Uh, but--but I am trying to use it as a, you know, growing experience in my future relationships, and, uh, I really wish the best for you.

(Scattered applause)

And you, my dear, should be a politician, because that is the biggest load of (Bleep) I've ever heard. (Laughs)

(Cheering)

Vote for me.

Well, I'm guessing I can't count on your vote, though.

You've made it very clear how you feel about me, and that you don't regret the things that you said.

And just a couple days ago, you know, I see a post on my computer that says, "a picture of a baggage claim.

Thought for sure I'd see Emily maynard here."

(Audience gasping)

Uh, I-I took-- yeah, we'll let you-- and then you come here days later and try to tell me that you're sorry?

Mnh-mnh.

Well-- give me some credit.

(Cheering)

I don't really take social media as seriously as--as everybody else, I guess.

It was a bad joke in--in response to something that-- and then your next response was...

That you said.

After everybody ripped you a new one, your next response was, "sorry I'm not sorry."

Well, I'm--

(Audience gasps)

(Scattered booing)

I guess I'm flattered you follow me on Twitter.

I-I don't know what to say.

I just feel like I know what it's like to say things that you don't mean in the heat of a moment, or get your feelings hurt and lash out and, you know, but I think that the true sign of class and character is being able to go back and say, "you know what?

I'm really sorry I did that."

And I just hope that you find faith in something bigger than your Prada shoes and your rented helicopter.

(Cheering)

All right.

(Cheering continues)

And you said you weren't direct.

We have a lot more to talk about with Emily and the guys when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" returns.

(Cheering)

♪

(Audience cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

Here with Emily.

Just talking about, uh, you and Kalon.

Um, another controversial figure in the house--

Ryan.

(Emily chuckles)

You had a thing for this bad boy.

I did. I did.

(Man speaks indistinctly)

(Laughs)

I did! (Laughs)

And, you know, one of the craziest things--

I've never seen somebody break up with somebody on the show, and then have them almost change your mind, which he almost did.

I--oh, I know.

I-I mean, I was in my head like, "should I be doing this?

Am I making the biggest mistake of my life?"

You're good. He's a smooth talker.

But let me ask you this, because everybody wants to know, really, what is it?

Because... well, what is it?

(Laughs) Ryan is obviously very good-looking.

(Cheering)

Um... yeah.

And he was that guy that, like, every girl has one.

I-I don't mean to, you know, but you're--you're a sweet talker.

You're very good at like-- very purposefully.

Yeah, and--and--

(Laughs)

I believe you. I will be sweet-talking my wife every day of my life.

Yeah, but you are good at--

100%. Chase her around the kitchen.

You're good at kind of like...

We'll spoon.

Going around questions.

And in the beginning, you remember, I'm like, "oh. Unh-unh."

Right.

"He's not gonna pull one over on me.

I'm gonna give him a taste of his own medicine."

And what do you know?

I really found myself, like, starting to like him.

(Laughs)

What's wrong with that?

I--yeah, I know.

(Laughter)

I mean... (Laughs)

(Laughter)

Ain't nothin'.

"Ain't nothin'."

Ain't nothin' wrong with that, girl.

(Giggles)

Just let me ask you this.

What was it in the end?

Because something just got to be too much.

Was it too many trophy wifes," too many--

I just think that while a lot of things that we believe in line up...

Yeah.

A couple others don't, and that happens sometimes.

I'll be honest with you.

Um, I had a lot of fun with you.

I really did.

Yeah.

And I definitely wish you the absolute best.

Well, thank you.

And I hope that your, um...

Trophy wife. I'm-a have one.

I hope your tr--

I will find her. I hope you find her as the bachelor of Augusta."

Okay, but, Emily...

(Laughter)

I know it was tough to come out here and face these guys, and--and this has been an extremely emotional season, to say the least. Yeah.

Um, I appreciate you sitting in the hot seat.

But now, ladies and gentlemen, the moment we've all been waiting for-- bloopers.

(Laughs) (Cheering)

♪

All right, so, are you ready to meet these guys?

Yeah, I'm really ready.

All right.

How many do you think you'll actually sleep with during this whole thing?

Hopefully, all 25.

All right.

That would be a success.

It would be. That'd be a record.

I brought a name tag.

Perfect.

I'm gonna put it right here, all right?

(Giggles)

So nice to meet you.

You, too.

Oops.

I'm just excited to spend more time around Emily and get to know her...

And not get bl*wn away.

(Wind whooshes)

I'm looking forward to spending more time with you.

Me, too.

Thank you so much.

(Gasps)

I'm definitely getting the wind-bl*wn look today.

(Bleep)

Emily: It's cold!

Whoo!

(Shiveng loudly) (Laughter)

(Shudders)

(Air horn bl*ws weakly)

(Speaks indistinctly) Andrew.

Ooh, gosh!

An--and-- who's andrew?

Who's andrew? Isn't there an andrew?

(Laughs) No.

I am not ever gonna get naked in front of the camera.

(Laughter)

Man: Yeah, dude!

I got speedos!

We're brothers!

I'm gonna slay the vampire!

(Wolf howling)

Slay the vampire!

(Sighs)

All right, buddy.

(Laughs) Dude, can you put that thing away?

(Laughs) Picked a bad day to go commando.

("Rule, britannia!" Playing)

Woman: Queen, who is the best for Emily?

(Crunch)

You know I'm not good at role playing.

(Laughter)

Emily...

Gentlemen...

It's the final rose tonight.

When you're ready.

(Laughter)

Hey, Chris.

Yeah?

Did you ever think about having any puppets on your show?

Well, we did have Jake Pavelka.

(Both laughing)

All right, let me ask you this.

Do you have a type?

I've always liked the guys who are like tattooed and, like, maybe a little homeless looking.

A tattooed homeless man?

♪

I'm definitely falling for Emily.

(Thud)

Dude!

Something wet here!

(Crash) (Bleep)

Ooh! Oh, oh, oh!

Woman: Uh, let's talk about your england dates.

Um, let's start with Ryan.

Getting started with Ryan. Mm-hmm.

How did that date go?

(Electricity crackles)

Oh, my gosh.

Great. We're all d*ad.

(Laughter)

(Cheering)

(Chris laughs)

A good time.

A great time.

We had a great time on the show.

Mm-hmm.

Overall, a positive experience for you?

The best.

I know those last days in Curaçao were extremely hard for you, and normally, I would ask how things are going.

But I'm not going to.

Everybody is going to have to wait till this Sunday, the grand finale of one of the best seasons we have ever had.

(Cheers and applause)

Emily, thank you so much for being here.

No, thank you.

Appreciate it.

When we come back, we'll get a sneak peek at this Sunday's dramatic finale and a closer look at Emily's final two men--

Arie and Jef.

We'll do that when the bachelorette...

The men tell all" returns.

(Cheering)

♪

Are you the perfect match for the next bachelor or bachelorette?

Apply at bachelor.abc.com

(cheering)

Welcome back to the bachelorette...

The men tell all."

Next Sunday night, it's the moment all of America has been waiting for.

Who will Emily choose to be her husband?

Will there be a proposal?

And if there is, will she say yes?

Let's take a closer look at Emily's final two men--

Arie and Jef.

♪

My connection with Arie was immediate.

Hi.

Hi. How are you?

We just really h*t it off from the first time we talked.

So, my background is in racing.

Mm-hmm.

Like, are you okay with that?

Yeah, I am, totally.

It's really the only sport I know about...

That's so cool.

That I-I know.

That's like a huge, like, relief.

Arie definitely has that edge that I've been talking about since night one.

Hey!

Hey!

How are you?

I'm good.

I missed you.

I missed you.

He's so sweet, so thoughtful, so attentive.

He makes me laugh so much.

(High-pitched voe)

"And for the hand, the foot, the body!"

(Laughter)

My very first kiss with Arie on the merry-go-round at Dollywood gave me, like, literally chills.

The most perfect kiss imaginable.

♪

Arie: Since the beginning, Emily and I have just gotten each other.

There's such a chemistry between us, it's hard to even talk.

I mean, we always want to kiss each other.

It's just having like your best friend next to you at all times.

And I feel like we can have an amazing future together.

Arie, would you please accept this rose?

I will. I will.

Thank you so much.

Now you have an extra one.

That's amazing.

It's my favorite one.

(Giggles) (Chuckles)

(Dolphin chirping)

Emily is the love of my life.

I feel like I've been waiting my whole life to find--to find Emily.

We've all had love in our lives, and, you know, sometimes love fails, and you lose.

But this time, you know, this could be the checkered flag.

This could be my victory.

I don't know, somewhere in between Bermuda--no, actually, Croatia--

I think I realized that I love you.

Mmm.

♪

(Fireworks popping)

I'm looking forward to meeting Ricki.

I'm ready to be a stepfather.

I'm ready to start our lives together.

I think we have something that transcends the show.

Something that could last a lifetime.

There's only one thing left to do-- is to get down on one knee and to ask Emily for her hand in marriage.

♪

(Giggling)

My very first impression of Jef was that he was just too cool.

Like, literally too cool for me.

Hi.

Hi.

I'm really glad I didn't wreck.

I know, right?

(Both laugh)

Jef and I did get off to a slower start.

When I hang out with you, I feel, like, very, um, awkward.

Jef is really hard for me to read.

Well, shall we?

Yeah. Have a seat.

I never really knew how he felt about me.

I like you.

Yeah?

It makes me, like, wanna be with you, you know? Like, I-- yeah?

Yeah.

It has taken a little bit longer for us to feel that comfortable.

Jef, would you accept this rose?

Of course.

Then our date in London changed everything.

I feel like I kind of missed out on some opportunities to kind of show you why I'm here, not just tell you.

Once we had that first kiss and our first date, it was just, like, on from there.

D--you're good.

(Laughter)

I love so many things about Jef.

(Fireworks popping)

He makes me laugh...

I like the way you move.

(Laughing)

Brings me out of my shell.

(Shouts indistinctly)

I just love how comfortable I feel with him.

You are the sweetest thing!

He gets me in a way that nobody else does.

But I think it wasn't until Prague and our marionette date that I just...

Fell hard.

There aren't many people I can lay on the floor with and still be really happy.

Me either.

Jef: I'm crazy in love with Emily.

Mmm. I missed you.

I missed you, too.

And every moment I spend with her, I just fall more and more in love.

I just want, like, a life with Emily.

I've realized I'm completely in love with everything about you. I love the way you smile.

I love the way you grab my hand and hold it. I love how good of a person you are.

I love how good of a mom you are. I love that you want a cute little family, "hopefully with me.

"Most of all, I'm completely and hopelessly in love with you."

♪

I think I'd be the luckiest guy in the world to have a future with Emily.

The way it worked out was just like magic.

It's all come together, like, so perfectly.

The thought of Ricki being in my life and us having kids together-- like, nothing makes me happier.

I did it!

I can see us laying in bed together and having kids come run in and be a family.

Like, I feel like it's fate and we're meant to be.

I love you.

I just want to hold her hand till I'm like 110.

I feel like we'll have a love that makes the storybooks jealous.

♪

(Cheering)

Well, I guess we will all find out this Sunday how it all ends up for Emily.

Fellas, thank you very much for being here.

(Cheering)

To our studio audience, thank you guys very much.

Thank you.

Don't forget to watch this Sunday night-- the unforgettable season finale of the bachelorette," followed by our first-ever live version of after the final rose."

You won't want to miss this 3-hour live television event of the summer.

And then, one week from tonight, it's the exciting season premiere of bachelor pad." (Cheering)

For everyone who's been a part of this one, I'm Chris Harrison.

Good night.

(Speaking inaudibly)

♪

Coming up this Sunday on the dramatic season finale of the bachelorette"...

(Sniffling and crying)

Emily's journey to find love comes to an incredibly emotional end.

Who will she choose-- Arie...

I love you.

Arie: I feel like Emily loves me.

The moment when she can actually say it back, it's gonna be amazing.

Or Jef?

You have everything I've ever wanted in anybody.

Jef: I want the picture in my mind that I have to come true, and that's us being together.

Or will her dreams come crashing down?

Emily: The fact that I still don't know who the guy for me is makes me wonder if any guy here is for me.

I don't believe that you can love two people at once.

I'm so confused.

I don't know where my heart is anymore.

I encourage you to wait on any kind of engagement.

(Sniffling)

Sounds like you know what you want to do and probably need to do today.

I don't even know how to start the conversation.

I don't know what to say.

(Crying)

Do you feel like, at this point, you're betraying both of them?

Your mind is made up here?

You are done?

Emily: I'm just so confused.

My heart is broken.

(Crying)

It all happens on the unforgettable bachelorette" season finale, this Sunday, July 22nd.

You don't want to miss this live television event of the summer.

Have you seen those cat videos that are everywhere on the Internet?

You wouldn't ever have anything to do with that, would you?

I love them.

I think that, um, I love my own cat videos that I do at home.

So you videotape your cats?

(Meowing)

Emily: Meow, meow, meow.

Hey, holly. Say cheese."

My cats-- safa- they, like, wrestle.

(Yowling)

They're like mini lions.

People say, "oh, I have a teacup chihuahua," and that's suddenly really cool, but mini lions aren't cool?

What's your favorite one?

I mean, I don't even know.

There's so many great cat videos.

There's-- how do you choose just one?

There's just something about cat videos. (Yowls)

I've been thinking about starting my own YouTube channel, but I figured I'd tie down a guy before I did it.

Yeah, I need to get you-- 'cause that might be a deal breaker.

I need to get you a man first.

(Laughing)

Because if you become cat lady," there is no chance.

(Meows)